amazon has asked for its company name to be a top-level domain name ( currently .com ) , but the south american governments say this would stop the use of this internet address for environmental protection , indigenous rights and other public interest uses .
allowing private companies to register geographical names as gtlds to profit from the meaning of these names is not , in our view , in the public interest , the brazilian ministry of science and technology said .
argentina is unhappy that the us outdoor clothing retailer , patagonia , wants a domain name that has been known far longer as a region of spectacular beauty .
the first new domain names will probably be in use before the end of 2013 .
we want everyone to be who he and she is whether they are gay and lesbian or try to stop violence and are then victims of harassment .
we want to defend them .
according to boer , the villages are not for a problem neighbour who has the stereo too loud on saturday night but people who are very violent and in a clear situation where a victim is harassed again and again .
but boer says that the government has learned from past mistakes and is not planning to put antisocial families together .
they are scum houses not scum villages , says boer , because we dont want to put more than one of these families in the same area .
the city government expects to move about ten families a year , which starts in 2013 .
we will take care of them so the whole situation is not going to repeat at the new house they are in , says boer .
she now has an album and a huge hit single , show das poderosas , which was number one in the charts and attracted 52 million youtube views .
this is a sensitive topic in this mixed-raced country .
brazil has the largest population of african descent outside africa , but race and where your family come from are less important there than colour .
in brazilian cities , white workers earn twice as much as workers of african descent .
most business and government executives are white , but black and mixed-race workers do most of the boring or dirty jobs .
maycon de mattos batista , a financial analyst who used to work with anitta , said there has been a huge change in anittas image , but not of her colour .
i dont believe she is whiter ; its more the makeup , hairstylists and the way she dresses , he said .
google has made maps of the worlds highest mountains , the ocean floor , the amazon rainforest and even shown us a bit of north korea .
they have taken their warmest winter clothes , many laptop computers and an 18kg telescopic camera that they can fix to their backpacks .
the team also walked along part of a 15km road known as the road to nowhere , despite warnings about meeting polar bears .
putting the po box addresses on the map would mean the new map would show all the companies , banks and schools in the same place , around the canada post building in the centre of town .
about 30 inuit elders , business people and high-school pupils helped google to correct this problem .
arif sayani , the towns director of planning , said that people who are thinking of visiting or moving to the area would be able to use the maps to see the area .
the auction of a banksy painting that disappeared from the wall of a north london shop was stopped just moments before it was going to be sold .
i will write to the auction house to find out what will happen next , but for now we are really pleased that a peoples campaign in london has had an impact in the us .
critics have said the auction house was buying and selling stolen property but thut said that the seller was the real owner and that the sale was legal .
poundland said it had no idea who removed the 4ft x 5ft mural from the side of its shop .
banksy himself has not commented on the sale of slave labour , but he has condemned people who have tried to sell his artwork in the past .
oxfam said the world could end poverty several times over if the richest 100 billionaires would give away the money they made in 2012 .
the charity said that the $ 240bn made in 2012 by the richest 100 billionaires would be enough to end extreme poverty four times over .
the report said that the richest 1 % of people have increased their incomes by 60 % in the past 20 years .
in the uk , inequality is returning to levels not seen since the nineteenth century .
in the us , the share of national income that goes to the top 1 % of people has doubled since 1980 from 10 % to 20 % , the report says .
the richest 1 % are estimated to cause 10,000 times more pollution than the average us citizen .
oxfam said world leaders should learn from countries such as brazil , which has grown quickly and reduced inequality at the same time .
in 2005 , blackberry brought instant messaging to the mobile phone and the company was just entering its period of success .
then , the iphone was still just an idea and blackberrys innovations made its smartphone one of canadas biggest exports .
the move to bring blackberry to the iphone is four or five years too late , says james gooderson , a technology blogger .
photos that are uploaded to instagram get instant comments and snapchats pictures have opened a world of other possibilities .
its much more complex , says benedict evans , a digital media specialist .
the low cost of buying and using a blackberry is still an advantage .
bolivia has received a special exemption from the 1961 convention on drugs , the agreement that controls international drugs policy .
south american indians have chewed coca 3 leaves for hundreds of years .
the leaves give energy and have medicinal qualities .
but the uns international narcotics 4 control board ( incb ) , which checks global drug agreements , says bolivia may harm international drug controls .
it is now part of the convention again , but with an exemption so that its indigenous people can continue chewing coca leaves .
bolivias return could be blocked only if a third or more of the 184 countries that have signed the convention opposed the exemption .
it is legal to grow coca leaves in bolivia .
male bosses are paid bonuses double the size of bonuses given to female colleagues in the same jobs .
this means that men get bonuses of 141,500 more than women over their working lives .
the numbers , released by the chartered management institute ( cmi ) , show that men in uk management jobs earned average bonuses of 6,442 in 2012 compared with 3,029 for women .
female directors received bonuses of 36,270 over the past 12 months , compared with 63,700 received by male directors .
120 companies have joined our think , act , report scheme , which encourages companies to improve the way they recruit , promote and pay women .
weve also looked at other causes of the pay gap , such as having to juggle work and family .
the scheme has only attracted 120 companies in nearly two years .
at a smaller rally in brasilia , demonstrators entered the high-security area of the national congress .
in belo horizonte , police clashed with protesters who tried to get into a football stadium , where there was a confederations cup match between nigeria and tahiti .
in porto alegre , demonstrators set fire to a bus and , in curitiba , protesters tried to enter the office of the state governor .
since the dictatorship , brazilians have never demonstrated like this .
but now brazil once again has problems , with a constant rise in prices , so people are finally reacting .
before saturdays match in brasilia , groups of demonstrators were dispersed by riot police .
frightened japanese supporters ran from the area holding their children , when they heard shots perhaps rubber bullets or tear gas .
president dilma rousseff believes peaceful protests are correct and proper for a democracy and that it is natural for young people to demonstrate .
the european parliament have said that health warnings will cover nearly two-thirds of cigarette packs and there will be a ban on menthol cigarettes in the eu .
but we are disappointed with the decision not to regulate nicotine-containing products ( ncps ) , including e-cigarettes , as medicines .
smoking levels in england are at their lowest since records began 19.5 per cent but we want to reduce the numbers of people smoking even more and believe this important step will help .
the uk continues to believe that medicinal regulation of ncps is best for public health , said the medicines and healthcare products regulatory authority .
martin callanan , the conservative mep for north east england , said that banning e-cigarettes would have been totally crazy .
maria van der hoeven , executive director of the iea , said that the amount of coal we use continues to grow each year and , if no changes are made , coal will catch oil within ten years .
coal is available in large amounts and it can be found in most regions of the world , unlike oil and gas , and it is cheap to extract .
the iea says that china and india will drive world coal use in the next five years , and india will probably overtake the us as the worlds second biggest consumer .
she said : the us experience suggests that a more efficient gas market can reduce coal use , carbon dioxide emissions and electricity bills .
illegal downloading is morally wrong , and it is theft , the same as putting your hand in someones pocket and stealing their wallet is theft , says author philip pullman .
in an article for magazine index on censorship , pullman , who is president of the society of authors , strongly defends copyright laws .
it is outrageous that anyone can steal an artists work without punishment .
she writes : copyright closes the door on the many ways that people can share , build upon and remix each others work , possibilities that we could not imagine when those laws were made .
the magazines editor , rachael jolley , said : existing copyright laws dont work in the digital age and they criminalize consumers .
we need new ideas for how artists , writers and musicians can earn a living from their work .
after the downing street meeting , cameron asked the conservative mp mike weatherley to be his adviser on the subject .
but when british designer , patrick hunt , tried to get money from banks or venture capitalists to help start his business , he hit a problem .
his campaign was so popular that within 40 days he had made 400,000 from the public .
on indiegogo , users can offer perks for different levels of investment for example , people who helped to fund hunts light could feel good about helping someone who is less rich , but they also got one of his lights as a present .
for danae ringelmann , who started indiegogo , the gravity light is a perfect example of how crowdfunding can work and how it can test an entrepreneurs idea .
it is good to test ideas , even if they dont get funding , because that way you save a lot of time finding out it wasnt a good idea and you can get smarter faster , she says .
international activity has increased by 41 % since december .
a british woman made 100,000 to open a cat caf in london through the site .
it will be somewhere people can come in from the cold to a comfortable chair , a hot cup of tea , a book and a cat .
with her wall street background and the experience of helping 100,000 businesses and services find money , ringelmann has good advice for entrepreneurs .
on some sites , there was an option to click saying : id like kids someday , but i read the persons profile and thought : you will never have time !
he said it was difficult to know when to talk about wanting kids when he met someone new .
and i thought : you shouldnt be ashamed of this .
but we dont make them say how many children they would like .
now , i hope , men and women who want to start a family but havent met the right person yet will have another choice , says limal .
he says that this isnt just about making babies : i want this to be about children and love .
my goal is to bring together people who really want a family and a partner and wholl stay together .
im a romantic .
danes have no problem having children before marriage so things can move fast and , because the countrys so small , someone from jutland can date someone from copenhagen without too much travel , limal said .
early on saturday morning , he reached the summit of nuptse , the first of the three main summits in the everest horseshoe .
later that day , he climbed to the summit of everest , and reached the top in complete darkness early on sunday .
for the first time since the late 1990s , there were fixed ropes on all three mountains .
asked cool to look forward and imagine what top climbers might do 60 years from now .
i hate to think , he says , but he mentions the swiss climber , ueli steck , who fled the mountain in april after an argument with a group of sherpas .
moro flew back to everest on tuesday in a powerful helicopter to rescue a climber at 7,800 metres .
it was the highest rescue ever on everest and highlights the increase in helicopter flights in recent years .
theres less water for agriculture and less water for all the new lodges that they are building .
every village is digging a pit for garbage .
one group of students did an hour of cardiovascular exercise on an exercise bike five times a week .
the other group did a ten-minute warm-up on the bike , then four minutes of tabata training , four times a week plus one 30-minute session of exercise with two minutes of tabata .
after six weeks of testing , the group who did tabatas plan exercising for just 88 minutes a week increased their anaerobic capacity by 28 % and their vo2 max by 15 % .
full effort at 170 % of your vo2 max is the basis of the programme , says tabata .
the first three repetitions will feel easy but the last two will feel impossible .
he also says that his programme burns an extra 150 calories in the 12 hours after exercise .
most people use it to get fit or to get even fitter , but the programme also burns fat .
i decided to do this because i often go on youtube and some people are doing it wrong because they dont understand how hard they need to work , says tabata .
gym fans can benefit by doing three strength sessions and three tabatas a week .
facebook has lost millions of users every month in its biggest markets .
the problem is that , in the us and uk , most people who want to join facebook have already done it , said new media specialist ian maude at enders analysis .
instagram , the photo-sharing site , got 30 million new users in the 18 months before facebook bought the business .
the number of minutes americans spend on facebook is falling , too .
the total was 121 billion minutes in december 2012 , but that fell to 115 billion minutes in february .
facebook founder mark zuckerberg has created some new initiatives for smartphone users in the last year .
one initiative , facebook home , is software that you can download onto android phones to feed news and photos from friends and advertising directly to your home screen .
eyewitnesses often give evidence that leads to guilty verdicts , but later those verdicts may be changed when dna or some other evidence is used .
susumu tonagawa , a scientist at the massachusetts institute of technology ( mit ) , and his team wanted to study how these false memories form in the human brain .
at the same time , the researchers shone light into the mouse brains to bring back their memories of the first box .
that way , the mice associated fear of the electric shock with the memory of the first box .
a similar thing may happen when powerful false memories are created in humans .
so , just like our mouse , it is quite possible we can associate what we have in our mind with bad or good events .
he added : our study showed that the false memory and the real memory use very similar , almost identical , brain mechanisms .
chris french , of the university of london , is a researcher in false memories in people .
he added that memory researchers have always known that memory does not work like a video camera , recording all the details of anything we experience .
he warned that the false memories created in the mice in the experiments were far simpler than the complex false memories people have , such as false memories of childhood sexual abuse , abduction by aliens , or past lives .
can we create false memories ?
what about false memories for more than just places false memories for objects , food or other mice ?
the manchester united manager , sir alex ferguson , will retire at the end of the season after 27 years .
without them , the history of this great club would not be as rich .
we will never forget what he has done for this club and for the game in general .
he asked us to go into his office and told us his decision .
not many exercise classes have a tea break in the middle .
after a gentle warm-up and a few quick exercises , the 93-year-old great-grandmother lets her group sit down and relax with a cup of tea .
the baby of the group is 60-year-old jean cunion , who is a bit embarrassed to say that she is perhaps the least fit of the group .
ruth steere , 76 , says allen always has her back to the class , but she always knows whats happening : she always shouts at us if we go wrong .
she still plays the piano and gives speeches .
she reads me a few lines from a poem she has written called that beast called age .
she happily remembers a doctor who saw her for the first time a few years ago , who said he didnt believe she was more than 78 : i said , thank you , doctor .
when i hear someone say , oh , i cant lose weight , i say : sellotape .
i said this the other day to a big fat man .
earlier in 2013 , allen was watching the news and saw a woman get the british empire medal .
there will be enough water if the percentage of animal-based foods is limited to 5 % of total calories .
prices for food items such as corn and wheat have increased nearly 50 % on international markets since june .
the price increase has been caused by very bad droughts in the us and russia , and weak monsoon rains in asia .
more than 18 million people already have serious food shortages across the sahel .
food shortages in 2008 led to fighting in 28 countries .
animal protein-rich food uses five to ten times more water than vegetarian food .
the report was released at the start of the annual world water conference in stockholm , sweden , where 2,500 politicians , un groups , non-governmental groups and researchers from 120 countries met to discuss global water supply problems .
eating too much , malnourishment and waste are all increasing .
36-year-old junior smart knows a lot about gangs .
the first night after i was arrested was the biggest shock of my life , he says .
they work with the police , the probation service and other , voluntary organizations to help members of the violent criminal gangs of london .
smart started working as a prison listener a prisoner who helps new arrivals during their first days inside .
it is a bit like a violent family .
it means that the arrest of the gang leaders has no long-term effect .
can it make the streets more dangerous ?
if one gang knows that an elder &#91; leader &#93; has been arrested , then they suddenly think that gangs weak ... and so we have fights between different gangs .
i try to help a young person who has been earning 300 a week illegally .
smart believes that everyone should get a second chance .
if they look for oil at the unesco world heritage site that crosses the equator , as the congolese government and exploration firm soco international hope , it could lead to terrible pollution and conflict , says the wwf .
security is already bad .
nobody knows which came first : the economic crisis in greece or shisha , the drug that is called the cocaine of the poor .
and it costs only 2 or less .
it is the worst drug .
it burns your insides , it makes you aggressive and makes you go mad , said maria , an ex-heroin addict .
it is often mixed with battery acid , engine oil and even shampoo .
since the economic crisis began in 2009 , kethea has lost 70 of its 500 staff .
on the streets of athens , there is a fear that austerity not only doesnt work it kills .
the panel found that the south yorkshire police , led by the chief constable , peter wright , told their story that drunken fans or those without tickets caused the disaster .
they tested the victims blood for alcohol .
the report said that wright met with police in a sheffield restaurant to prepare a defence and a story .
it was the day that the sun newspaper published its headline the truth and the story by four senior south yorkshire police officers .
the original inquiry did not believe this propaganda .
its chef , ren redzepi , says that ants taste like lemon , and a mixture of grasshoppers and moth larvae tastes like a strong fish sauce .
bee larvae make a sweet mayonnaise used instead of eggs and scientists find new ways to use insects all the time .
in march , a bbc documentary will show a food writer eating deep-fried locusts and barbecued spiders .
the increase will put more pressure on agricultural land , water , forests , fisheries and resources , and also food and energy supplies .
one study says that eating crickets and locusts , and not eating pork and beef , could help to reduce greenhouse gas emissions by up to 95 % .
the hotel groups president , hiroshi desaki , went on television to announce a 20 % pay cut for himself and 10 % for other executives .
days later , desaki resigned he said that the hotel group had betrayed their customers .
complained in a blogpost that a scallop dish he ordered at the prince hotel in tokyo contained a similar , but cheaper , type of shellfish .
the hotel investigated the complaint and as a result corrected more than 50 menu items at dozens of its restaurants .
its report scared hankyu-hanshin and other hoteliers into admitting that they , too , lied to customers who believed they were paying high prices for top ingredients .
the hotel okura group where barack obama has stayed said they also injected beef with fat to make it juicier and incorrectly described tomatoes as organic .
menu descriptions were created to sound good to the customers , and , when hotels couldnt get the ingredients on the menu , they just used food from different places , hiroshi tomozawa , a hotel and restaurant consultant , told kyodo news .
theres already a website with pictures of people wearing them the people look ridiculous or smug or , more often , both .
if you search google images for google glasses , one of the first pictures is of a large , naked man wearing them in the shower .
glass has many uses you can surf the internet , read emails , take photographs but telepathy will be more of a communication machine .
when iguchi was growing up , japanese technology ruled the world : they had the sony walkman , which was as popular as the iphone .
now , to compete , he has had to leave tokyo and go to silicon valley .
there is no way to expand .
but , in silicon valley , everyone is from everywhere .
the top manufacturers all want to work with him , he says , because they have the technology , they just find it difficult to sell it .
he was not my friend , but i talked with him for three hours , and now he is my friend .
if you are getting information from the cloud and social networks , that will happen more easily .
as a student , he explains , he studied philosophy during the day and taught himself how to code at night .
but things change very quickly .
in 2002 , only 27,000 tourists came to visit the kashmir valley .
today , because of that travel advice , peoples insurance isnt valid when they visit here .
germany changed its guidelines for travellers to the region in 2011 .
a national holiday on 15 august celebrated 65 years of indian independence in the past , this was a dangerous day because many people in the state do not feel part of india .
but there was no trouble at the independence celebrations on wednesday .
in other words , do not go trekking near the border that separates the indian and pakistani parts of kashmir .
we need better roads , reliable electricity .
we need more things for tourists to do in the evening we dont even have one cinema in this city , he said .
in june , a local islamic group wrote a dress code for foreign tourists .
abdullah says : nobody wants tourists to come here and cover their faces .
the state receives just 72 million each year in taxes but it pays 155 million in salaries to 500,000 public employees .
it is clear why he needs to find more money .
they always believed the law was broken and that they had a right to their privacy .
the royal couple are pleased with the decision , but they want to have a much more public criminal trial against the magazine and photographer or photographers .
under french law , if you do not respect someones privacy , you may have to spend a maximum of one year in prison and pay a fine of 45,000 .
this punishment would send a message to the world and , the couple hope , stop paparazzi taking photos like this in the future .
on saturday the irish daily star also published the photos .
and the italian celebrity magazine chi published a special edition of 26 pages with the photos of the future queen .
the normal time limit for a civil action is three to six years , they said .
the claimants lawyer said : the british government has admitted that these three kenyans were brutally tortured but they have tried not to take any legal responsibility .
the red cross recorded hundreds of torture cases in cyprus .
there may also be claims from malaysia , where large numbers of people were put in prison during the 12-year war with communist fighters and their supporters that began in 1948 .
a poor farmer , he grew vegetables and bought rice .
i saw this film about fish in a cement pool and i thought it was a good idea , said chon , who is also hiv positive .
in june 2012 , she met john sheehy .
he raised money for the non-profit fish farm in the northeast of monrovia , liberias capital , and started learning about fish farming , doing an online course and speaking to other fish farmers in africa .
i raised the money and built the farm , learned how to build the tanks and water flow system , said sheehy .
the project is now a fish farm with 12 tanks , each with 5,000 fish and will give up to 200,000 fish per year to a community of 1,200 mainly hiv-positive people , including king and his family .
in addition to the fish , waste from the tanks is collected and used to water crops , also giving food and money to the community .
they can use those fish to feed themselves and to sell in the market so that they get money to buy other food .
the fish farm gives these people with hiv a way of getting back into society now they are buying and selling with people in the market every week .
but some people criticize farmed fish they say the fish can be inbred and have high levels of toxins .
a lot of farmed fish is inbred , which causes problems , but we are using a process with local fish from liberia , not fish from another region .
a rice-growing co-operative in sierra leone asked us if we could do this on our property so that they can feed their workers and we have had interest from nigeria and central america , said sheehy .
police stations around the world might begin using this new method within ten years .
the polygraph is often used in the us in criminal cases and by the fbi and cia but is much less popular in europe .
the basic idea behind the new method is that liars fidget more and that an all-body motion suit the kind used in films to create computer-generated characters will record this .
in movies , the polygraph is always correct but , in 1998 , the us supreme court decided that there was no agreement that the polygraph was reliable .
the researchers interviewed some of the people about a computer game called never end that they played for seven minutes .
the second test involved a lost wallet with 5 inside .
these include using motion-sensing technology from computer games , such as the kinect devices developed by microsoft for the xbox console .
on average , a girl born today in the uk will live to the age of nearly 82 and her brother will live to 78 .
they would have a longer life in andorra ( the girl 85 and the boy 79 ) but will live a little longer than in the us ( 81 and 76 ) .
the best news is that small children die much less often than forty years ago .
there has been a reduction in deaths of under-fives of nearly 60 % , from 16.4 million in 1970 to 6.8 million in 2010 .
when they didnt have death registries or medical records they decided the cause of death by an interview with the family called a verbal autopsy .
the most surprising result has been with malaria .
the results have led to more studies .
reduced fertility and longer life have led to an increase in the average age of the worlds population in ten years from 26 years old to almost 30 .
the change has been dramatic in latin america , for example , where countries like brazil and paraguay had life expectancy of below 30 in 1970 and almost 64 in 2010 .
the study showed that there are lots of people with disabilities and it has a big effect on people who are living longer but not healthier lives .
a company from the netherlands wants to turn dreams of reaching mars into reality .
the company , mars one , plans to send four astronauts to the red planet to build a human colony in 2023 .
but there are two serious problems .
firstly , on mars the astronauts bodies will have to adapt to gravity that is 38 % of gravity on earth .
this would probably cause such a total change in their bones , muscles and circulation that the astronauts would no longer be able to survive on earth .
secondly , they will have to say goodbye to all their family and friends , because there is no return ticket .
he told the guardian that the applicants so far were aged 18 to at least 62 and , although they include women , they were mostly men .
for example , they can take water from ice in the soil and mars has sources of nitrogen , the primary element in the air we breathe .
a reality show and a talent show , with no ending and the whole world watching .
the first team would land on mars in 2023 to begin building the colony , and a team of four astronauts would arrive every two years after that .
but some people are sceptical of the project , and some people are worried about how astronauts might get to the planet and build a colony with all the life support and other things they need .
the mission hopes to inspire people to believe that all things are possible , that you can achieve anything , like the apollo moon landings .
together , they have created 3,780 more millionaires among their children , family and friends , according to the writers of the study , oxford economics .
the good news for the british economy is that 98 % of the money that the winners spent stayed in the uk .
audis were the favourite cars of 16 % of winners , with range rovers and bmws also popular ( 11 % each ) , as well as mercedes ( 10 % ) and land rovers ( 5 % ) .
most ( 68 % ) choose five-star hotels overseas .
the us was the preferred destination for 27 % , followed by the caribbean ( 9 % ) .
by 14 , archbishop desmond tutu , suggested her for the international childrens peace prize , and , by 15 , she became the youngest nobel peace prize nominee in history .
she now lives with her family in birmingham , england , and does what the taliban tried to stop her doing : she goes to school every day .
malala replied to the violence of the taliban with words against bullets .
the stand with malala petition , that is asking for education for the 57 million children around the world who do not go to school , has got more than four million signatures more than a million were added after malalas speech .
she did not have to worry .
when she jumped out of bed she could see a huge vapour trail in the morning sky and hear car alarms from the street below .
there was a big explosion and then lots of little explosions .
first we noticed the wind , and then the room was filled with a very bright light and we could see smoke in the sky , she said .
in chelyabinsk , schools and universities were closed and people were told to go home early .
there were a lot of girls in shock , she said .
more than 100,000 square metres of glass were broken and 3,000 buildings were hit .
the meteorite arrived a day before asteroid 2012 da14 passed earth very closely ( about 17,510 miles ) .
the ultra-nationalist leader of russias liberal democrat party , vladimir zhirinovsky , said it was not a meteorite .
he said that in the study they asked if its possible that the midlife crisis is not just something human .
the animals felt the most unhappy , on average , at 28.3 and 27.2 years old for the chimpanzees , and 35.4 years old for the orangutans .
robin dunbar , professor of evolutionary psychology at oxford university , was sceptical about the study .
but weiss believes the study could give us a deeper understanding of the emotional crisis some men may experience .
if we want to find whats going on with the midlife crisis , we should look at what is similar in middle-aged humans , chimps and orangutans , he said .
a new computer-assisted autopsy system is becoming more and more popular in european hospitals .
michael thali , the director of zurichs institute for forensic medicine in europe , and one of the inventors of virtopsy , said it could completely change criminal investigations .
virtopsies can find injuries that are not seen during a traditional autopsy , as well as air pockets , heart attacks and even cancer .
he added that the new method was very helpful in re-examining cases where the cause of death was unclear .
but we can , and should , do more to increase transparency and build public support for privacy protections .
elizabeth goitein of the brennan center for justice said : the intelligence committee bill and the usa freedom act are two opposing visions of the relationship between americans who do not break the law and the national security state .
the most important question is : should the government have some reason to suspect wrongdoing before collecting americans most personal information ?
were just going to continue to fight this battle .
a top-secret document shows that the us national security agency ( nsa ) now has direct access to the systems of google , facebook , apple and other major us internet companies .
the nsa access is part of a program called prism , which allows the government to collect search history , the content of emails , file transfers , live chats and more , the document says .
google said : google cares very much about the security of our users data .
sometimes , people allege that we have created a government back door into our systems , but google does not have a back door for the government to access private user data .
they said they would never be involved in a program like that .
if they are doing this , they are doing it without our knowledge , one executive said .
an apple spokesman said he has never heard of prism .
changes to us surveillance law , introduced under president bush and renewed under obama in december 2012 , made it possible for the nsa to access the information .
the program allows a large amount of in-depth surveillance on live communications and stored information .
fw de klerk the south african president who freed mandela from prison and shared the nobel peace prize with him in 1993 said the news was very sad for south africa and the world .
born with the name rolihlahla dalibhunga in a small village in the eastern cape on 18 july , 1918 , a teacher at mandelas school gave him his english name , nelson .
mandelas 91st birthday was celebrated by the first annual mandela day in his honour .
he was married three times and he had six children , 17 grandchildren and 14 great-grandchildren .
according to a new survey , there are more tigers in nepal than at any time since the 1970s .
the number of big cats has been decreasing in south asia for 100 years , but conservationists now hope that we can save them .
the number of wild royal bengal tigers in nepal has increased to 198 a 63.6 % increase in five years the survey showed .
tiger body parts are used in traditional chinese medicine .
international gangs pay poor local nepali people large amounts of money to kill the cats .
conservation experts believe that tiger numbers have increased because the police are controlling national parks better , and because there is now better management of tiger habitats in nepal , where forests cover 29 % of the land .
but they say nepal must do more to protect the habitat and animals that tigers eat so the big cats have enough space to move around and food to eat .
the number of tigers has increased but attacks on villagers have increased , too .
but it should also make plans to protect people from tigers , krishna bhurtel , a village leader , told a nepali newspaper .
recently , a tiger was captured after it killed two people , including a villager who was pulled from his bed in may .
chitwan national park in central nepal has the most adult tigers , with 120 , followed by bardiya national park ( 50 ) and shukla phanta wildlife reserve ( 17 ) .
some rich nepali have tiger heads on the walls of their living rooms .
tiger bones are in high demand for use in traditional chinese medicine .
on the market square in rjukan stands a statue of the person who created the town , a norwegian engineer and businessman called sam eyde .
the great man looks north across the square at the side of a mountain in front of him .
between the mountains , along the narrow vestfjord valley , is the small town that eyde built at the beginning of the last century for his factory workers .
deep in its eastwest valley , with high mountains all around , rjukan and the 3,400 people who live there are in shadow for half the year .
in the daytime , from late september to mid-march , the town , three hours north-west of oslo , is not completely dark , but its certainly not bright .
now , high on the mountain opposite eydes statue , 450 metres above the town , three large , solar-powered , computer-controlled mirrors follow the movement of the sun across the sky .
says ingrid sparbo she lifts her face to the light and closes her eyes .
this will bring much happiness , she says .
across the road , in the nye tider caf , sits the man who created this happiness .
in the months between september and march , andersen says : we would look up and see blue sky above , and the sun high on the mountain , but the only way we could get to it was to go out of town .
twelve years after he first dreamed of his solspeil , a german company that specializes in csp concentrated solar power brought in , by helicopter , the three 17-square-metre glass mirrors that are now high above the market square in rjukan .
like many others , he felt they needed the money for other things for extra carers to look after rjukans old people , perhaps , or better schools , cycle paths and roads .
and i still dont know about the maintenance costs , he says .
but ... well , it feels nice , standing here .
in his office with a view of the square , rjukans young mayor , steinar bergsland , is less interested in the cost and more interested in the benefits the mirrors might bring to the town .
and , says bergsland , just look out of the window .
barack obama flew back to washington and his desk in the oval office on wednesday , hours after he gave an election victory speech in chicago .
both the republican house speaker , john boehner , and the democratic leader in the senate , harry reid , think that everyone needs to work together to solve the economic crisis .
but it could become one of the biggest fights ever between the white house and congress during obamas presidency .
obama easily beat his republican opponent mitt romney ( obama kept lots of swing states ) , but the election showed again how divided america is .
boehner talked about the need for both parties to find common ground and take steps together to help our economy grow and create jobs , which is critical to solving our debt .
reid said : i look at the challenges that we have ahead of us and i reach out to my republican colleagues in the senate and the house .
obama told the happy crowd of supporters : tonight in this election , you , the american people , reminded us that while our road has been hard , while our journey has been long , we have picked ourselves up , we have fought our way back .
in a speech that lasted more than 25 minutes , obama said thank you to his wife , michelle , and his daughters , malia and sasha and also to his vice-president , joe biden .
the top countries are what you would expect , but scandinavian countries were not rich when they introduced pensions for everyone .
more than two-thirds of older people live in poor countries ; by 2050 , this proportion will probably be about four-fifths .
the fastest ageing countries jordan , laos , mongolia , nicaragua and vietnam are in the lower half of the ranking , which suggests that politicians there need to look at the problem of ageing so that they can give enough support to their populations .
there are also differences between men and women in ageing populations women generally live longer than men .
however , population ageing does not always mean more health care spending , according to the report , which shows the importance of long-term investments in education and health care for older people .
bolivia , ranked 46 , is one of the poorest countries but it has introduced good policies for older people a national plan on ageing , free health care and a pension for everyone .
chile and costa rica introduced good basic health care many years ago and this has helped the ageing populations of those countries .
in the philippines , the educational reforms introduced after independence in 1946 have helped older people elementary and high school education became compulsory .
the same is true for armenia , which , like other countries of the ex-soviet union , had a strong education system .
south korea is a surprisingly low 67 in the ageing study , partly because it introduced a pension only recently .
this is a very big day for wales and , most importantly , for the 226 people in wales who are waiting for an organ transplant , said the welsh health minister , mark drakeford .
we have shown we are ready to take action to increase organ donation and to give hope to those people who wait every week for a transplant .
when family members know that organ donation is what the dead person wanted , they usually agree to the donation .
the new law will make clearer peoples wishes about organ donation and so it will increase the number of donations .
relatives will have a clear right of objection , which will give them the chance to show that their relative did not want to be an organ donor .
big efforts have been made in recent years to increase the number of those who carry an organ donation card , with a lot of success .
but the increase in numbers of organs is still not enough .
members of the muslim council of wales and the south wales jewish representative council are not happy , while the archbishop of wales , barry morgan , said that donation ought to be a gift of love , of generosity .
from 28 february 2013 , at 20.00 hours , he told a gathering of cardinals in the vatican , the see of rome , the see of saint peter , will be vacant and there will be an election for a new pope .
one of the cardinals at the gathering was a mexican cardinal , monsignor oscar sanchz barba , from guadalajara .
also , there were no dates in his calendar of events he had to attend .
thavis agreed : what i find particularly courageous is that he is going now , when he is not sick ; and that hes leaving because hes tired and not because hes ill .
does the pope know more about his state of health than the vatican has so far made public ?
he said that the position of pope needed both strength of mind and strength of body , and in the last few months he felt that he was slowly losing that strength .
there will no doubt be other theories in future days and weeks , just as there were following the death of pope john paul i in 1978 , 33 days after his election .
if youre gods chosen person , how do you choose not be chosen ?
it is a question many catholics will be asking their priests in future weeks .
prince harry has left afghanistan at the end of a four-month tour .
he also talked about his feelings for some parts of the media and described how his father constantly told him to behave more like a member of the royal family .
in another interview , he criticized the media , especially the sun , the daily mail and the daily telegraph .
he said he was very annoyed by articles that compare his role as an apache co-pilot gunner to spitfire crews during the second world war .
before he went to afghanistan , the prince was photographed naked in las vegas at a private party .
the researchers say their latest work could make it possible to connect many brains to share information .
these experiments showed that we have created a direct communication connection between brains , nicolelis said .
when they did the task correctly , they got some water .
in tests , the second rat responded correctly to the first rats brain signals and pressed the lever 70 % of the time .
in further experiments , the rats worked together on a task where they had to tell the difference between narrow and wide openings using their whiskers .
in the final test , the scientists connected rats on different continents and used the internet to send their brain activity .
this tells us that we could create a network of animal brains , with the animals in many different locations .
we do not know what might happen when animals begin interacting as part of a brain-net , he said .
in theory , you could imagine that a combination of brains could find solutions that individual brains cannot find alone .
anders sandberg , of oxford university , said the work was very important in helping to understand how brains process information .
but the possible future uses of the technology are much wider , said sandberg .
theres a big difference between sharing information through the senses and being able to plan .
we know very little about how people process thoughts and how they could be sent to another persons brain , so that will not happen any time soon .
leicesters museums service is working on plans for a new visitor centre in an old school building next to the site .
richard died at the battle of bosworth on 22 august 1485 , the last english king to die in battle .
the axe probably went several centimetres into his brain and , experts say , he would have been unconscious at once and dead very soon .
it was mathew morris who first found the body , in the first hour of the first day of the excavation .
at first , he did not believe it was the king .
ten days later , on 5 september , when more excavation proved morris had found the right place , he returned with lin foxhall , head of the archaeology department , to excavate the body .
we did it the usual way , lifting the arms , legs and skull first , and then we lifted the torso so it was only when we finally saw the twisted spine that i thought : my word , i think weve found him .
for philippa langley of the richard iii society , richard was the true king , the last king of the north , a worthy and brave leader who was a victim of shakespeares negative propaganda .
kensington palace announced at 8.30pm that the baby was born at 4.24pm at st marys hospital , paddington , west london .
the queen , the duke of edinburgh , the prince of wales , the duchess of cornwall , prince harry and members of both families were delighted with the news that her royal highness and her child were both doing well .
prince charles said : both my wife and i are overjoyed at the arrival of my first grandchild .
following tradition , a formal notice was put on an easel the same easel that was used to announce prince williams birth in 1982 in front of buckingham palace just before 9pm .
minutes later , as crowds of people outside cheered , its a boy , the formal medical bulletin was taken from the hospital to buckingham palace .
felix baumgartner stood at the edge of space above new mexico and paused for a moment .
ten frightening minutes later , the austrian landed back on earth .
without the suit , a mans blood would boil and his lungs would explode .
the jump was on a sunny morning in good weather .
baumgartner went up into clear skies in an enormous balloon it was 30 million square cubic feet and its skin was one-tenth the thickness of a sandwich bag .
at the correct height , baumgartner went through a checklist of 40 things with his helper joe kittinger .
but they decided to continue , and a record 8 million people watched live on youtube .
he has parachuted off buildings and mountains and once into a 600 foot deep cave .
he did two practice free-falls to prepare for this jump one from 71,000 feet and a second from 97,000 feet .
kittinger jumped from a balloon 19 miles above the earth in 1960 and gave advice to baumgartner during the ascent .
id like to sit in the same place in the next four years as joe kittinger .
if there is a young guy who wants to break my record , i want to give him advice .
he added : the most beautiful moment was when i was standing on the landing area and mike todd &#91; the man who dressed baumgartner in his suit &#93; came and he had a smile on his face like a little kid .
he has promised to settle down with his girlfriend , and fly helicopters on rescue missions in the us and austria .
valdevaqueros beach is very different from the beaches of torremolinos and marbella , which are full of hotels and concrete , but earlier in 2012 the local council in tarifa said yes to plans to build a tourist complex next to the beach .
there is a law to stop more ugly developments like those that spoilt a lot of spains beaches in the 1960s and 1970s .
it is where africa and europe meet , where the mediterranean sea meets the atlantic .
hours after the tarifa council voted for the project , a campaign started to save the beach .
the campaign has a facebook page and is supported by groups including greenpeace and the world wide fund for nature .
the andalusian college of geographers is also against the project they say that the complex would disturb two wildlife conservation areas and cross the border of a national park .
we agree with the complex if it creates jobs in the town , said cristbal lobato , who has worked at the same beach bar in tarifa for 30 years .
if they put it in the centre of tarifa , where there is space , then tourists could visit shops , bars and restaurants .
they asked why the company paid no corporation tax in the uk during the past three years .
greene said the government could easily collect billions of pounds that could help pay for important services , if they were stricter when they collect taxes .
uncut campaigner anna walker said weve chosen to highlight the impact of the cuts on women .
so were going to focus on changing starbucks into the services that the government are cutting , for example refuges and crches .
starbucks is a really great target because it is on every high street in the country so people can take action in their local areas , she said .
the group chief executive , howard schultz , said : starbucks has always paid taxes in the uk .
over the last three years alone , our company has paid more than 160 million in various taxes , including national insurance * , vat and business rates .
starbucks spends hundreds of millions of pounds with local suppliers on milk , cakes and sandwiches , and on store design and improvements .
the chief medical officer for england compared the problem of antibiotic resistance to the risks of international terrorism .
about 30 % of all deaths were in children under the age of five , mostly because of infectious disease .
but a child born in britain today has more than a 25 % chance of reaching their 100th birthday .
but they cannot kill strong bacteria that have begun to learn how to survive antibiotic drugs .
we found vancomycin resistant staphylococcus aureus ( vrsa ) in our hospitals .
antibiotics have become drugs that are expensive to develop , that are only used in short courses and that quickly stop working because of bacterial resistance .
there needs to be change in the way doctors give antibiotics and we need to use fewer antibiotics in farming .
but are the countrys prisons too soft ?
the head of swedens prison and probation service , nils oberg , said in november 2013 that four swedish prisons will close because of an out of the ordinary drop in the number of prisoner .
there has been no fall in crime rates , but , between 2011 and 2012 , there was a 6 % drop in the number of people in swedens prisons , now a little over 4,500 .
we certainly hope that the efforts we put into rehabilitation and into stopping criminals from reoffending has made a difference , he said .
the modern prison service in sweden is very different from when i joined as a young prison officer in 1978 , says kenneth gustafsson , governor of kumla prison , swedens most secure jail .
sweden was the first country in europe to introduce the electronic tagging of criminals and it continues to keep prison sentences short when possible by using community-based punishments .
the reoffending rate in sweden is between 30 and 40 % to compare that with another european country , the number is around half that of the uk .
one thing that has kept reoffending down and the number of prisoners in sweden below 70 per 100,000 people is that anyone under 15 cannot be responsible for their crime .
also , in sweden , no young person under the age of 21 can be sentenced to life this is not the same in many other countries and they try to keep young offenders out of prison .
one reason for the drop in prison numbers might be the amount of post-prison support available in sweden .
a government-run probation service gives treatment programmes to offenders with drug , alcohol or violence problems .
but , in my experience , most prisoners want to change and we must do what we can to help them .
all day and all night you can hear the sound of guns , rockets or planes attacking rebels the sound of war is getting closer to syrias capital .
that usually becomes clear later from videos that the opposition puts on youtube .
as you can see , everything here is fine but we have to hit the terrorists , these extremists , an army officer said .
in the beginning , when there started to be explosions , i used to have nightmares , she said .
i live nearby but luckily i wasnt there , says munir , a university lecturer .
concrete barriers often painted in the syrian flags black , red and white now protect official buildings , not just the military or defence installations that are obvious targets .
only drivers with official permission can use special fast lanes to avoid the wait .
others argue that there will probably not be a complete victory for either side and hope for a political solution that comes from abroad .
but most people here do not expect things to get better .
at addis ababa airport , visitors see pictures of golden grains , tiny red seeds and a group of men around a giant pancake .
the words say : teff : the best gluten-free crop !
but it is also the home of teff , a highly nutritious grain that you can now buy in health-food shops and supermarkets in europe and america .
you can use the gluten-free grain instead of wheat flour in anything from bread and pasta to waffles and pizza bases .
they make it into flour and use it to make injera , the flatbread that is basic to ethiopian cooking .
the grain is also important in many religious and cultural ceremonies .
today , most small farmers sell most of what they grow to people in ethiopian cities .
the type of teff people eat is different , too : the rich eat the more expensive magna and white teff ; poorer people usually eat less-valuable red and mixed teff .
it says that the grain could play an important role in school meals and emergency aid programmes , and help reduce malnutrition particularly among children .
mama fresh is a family company that sells injera to top restaurants and hotels in the ethiopian capital .
farmers in europe , israel and australia have also experimented with growing it .
the british prime minister , david cameron , said : i was very sad when l heard of lady thatchers death .
he added : she was our first woman prime minister and she didnt just lead our country , she saved our country .
british labour party leader , ed miliband , said : she will be remembered as a unique person .
the former conservative prime minister , sir john major , said that people who worked closely with her would always remember her courage and determination in politics and her humanity and generous spirit in private .
with money from britains north sea oil fields , she was able to change the ageing industrial economy and she used the opportunity to defeat her enemies including some members of her own party .
finally , in 1990 , after a vote among conservative mps failed to support her , john major took control of the party .
obama signed the legislation shortly after midnight on thursday .
a journalist asked the president if the crisis would happen again in a few months .
earlier , the republican senator mike lee said there would be more trouble : the media keeps asking : was it worth it ?
but the political deal on wednesday was one of the worst of all possible results for republicans .
a report by the world health organization ( who ) says that 35.6 % of all women around the world will experience physical or sexual violence in their lifetime , usually from a male partner .
the highest levels of violence against women are in africa , where nearly half of all women 45.6 % will experience physical or sexual violence .
the report says that injuries are often the first opportunity to discover violence in the home and to offer the woman help .
violence has a big effect on womens health .
for the first time we have compared data from all over the world on partner violence and sexual violence by non-partners and the effect of these sorts of violence on health , said garcia-moreno .
these included hiv and other sexually transmitted infections , depression , alcoholism , unwanted pregnancies and babies that are born too small .
data from 81 countries shows that , even in rich countries , 23.2 % of women will experience physical and / or sexual violence from a partner in their lives .
the report says that their previous research shows that better-educated women and working women are less likely to experience violence , but not in all regions .
in some societies , are certain forms of violence against women acceptable ?
but , on tuesday april 8th , 2014 , she described the extraordinary moment when she received a message in a bottle , 101 years after he threw it into the baltic sea .
a man came to my door and told me he had post from my grandfather .
then , he told me that someone had found a message in a bottle and that on the card was my grandfathers name .
holger von neuhoff , a curator at the museum , said this bottled message was the oldest he had ever seen .
researchers believe that erdmanns grandfather , richard platz , threw the bottle into the sea when he was on a hike in 1913 .
she said she was moved by the arrival of the message , but she did not known her grandfather because he died , at the age of 54 , six years before she was born .
she was very happy to receive the bottled message , she said , but she hoped other people would not do what her grandfather did and throw bottles with messages into the sea .
we want to find a few photos to put with the bottle and give it a face , so visitors can see the young man who threw the bottle into the water , she said .
not sleeping very much used to be a sign that you were busy and important .
but now , arianna huffingtons the sleep revolution , a book that says we need to sleep more and promises to change your life , is a new york times best-seller .
businesses have realized that they can make money from the sleep revolution .
a whole range of businesses are interested in where , when and how we sleep and , also , how much we will pay for it .
luxury hotels give people sleep retreats ; more than $ 1,000 gets you dinner and a movie about sleep .
and , if youre staying home , you can improve your bedroom with a mattress cover with a sensor that monitors your sleep ( $ 249 ) or a sleeping mask that monitors your brainwaves and lets you sleep more efficiently ( $ 299 ) .
many companies already have sleeping areas and huffington says that nap rooms in offices will become as common as conference rooms in the next two years .
many studies show that youre more likely to sleep badly if youre poor .
its hard to sleep if youre one of the 15 million americans who work irregular hours .
the real problem with sleep isnt that a few rich people think its a waste of time ; the problem is that 99 % cant afford to spend time sleeping .
the real prize is finding a way that humans can work on less sleep .
one day , humans will find a way to remove the need to sleep completely .
then , we may need a whole new sort of sleep revolution .
finnish mobile-phone company nokia dropped 41 places to 98th at $ 4.1 billion , just ahead of nintendo in 100th place ( down 33 ) .
the most valuable non-american brands are south koreas samsung ( 6th ) , japans toyota ( 8th ) and germanys mercedes-benz ( 10th ) .
the most valuable british brands are hsbc ( 33rd ) , shell ( 65th ) and burberry ( 73rd ) .
sports brand nike is at place 22 with a brand value of nearly $ 20 billion , ahead of its rival adidas at place 59 with a value of $ 7 billion .
customers expect interaction , 24 / 7 accessibility , customization options and high levels of personalization , he said .
but , for the small muslim community of iqaluit , life in the land of the midnight sun is a real challenge during the month of ramadan , when muslims fast from sunrise to sunset .
i havent fainted once , said 29-year-old abdul karim , one of only a few muslims in the area who has carefully timed his ramadan fast to the arctic sun .
i would only stop if it hurt my health , karim said .
they still have to fast for around 18 hours a day , said atif jilani , who moved to iqaluit from toronto .
the days are long , but we can do it .
some follow the timetable of mecca , for example awan , a father of two young children , including a 12-year-old who recently started fasting .
he hopes that the easier timetable will encourage his son it means about 15 hours of fasting , not 18 hours like in edmonton .
we should break our fast when its dusk but we eat when the sun is up .
in inuvik , where most of the population is inuit , the muslim community has tried to find a balance between ramadan and the local culture and traditions .
we make a soup or curry , but we dont use beef , we use reindeer .
its particularly true for people like karim who have followed the local sunrise and sunset carefully .
ramadan will then fall during winter and , in iqaluit , the sun will rise and set within a few hours each day .
dr ben brabon of edgehill university teaches a mooc a massive open online course .
brabon says that many students enrol on moocs because they are free and they enjoy communicating with other students .
moocs are the newest idea to try to make higher education available to everyone .
students in developing countries who really want access to first-world universities ?
or hobby learners , who want to learn about a subject they find interesting ?
his literature course had 1,000 enrolments but only 31 people completed the course .
with moocs , theres very little support : the student does not get any individual attention .
this may mean that online study is unattractive or difficult for someone without high-level qualifications , but it suggests that moocs could be a really good tool for continuing education , he added .
instead , he suggests blended learning that combines a campus experience with a mooc ; also , perhaps , using moocs to create a global degree , with students taking courses from across the world , might be possible .
at present , the course content and assessment standards of moocs have no quality assurance , so employers will not be impressed by them .
some people hope that moocs will bring the best of first-world teaching to students in less developed countries .
mike sharples , chair of educational technology , doesnt agree .
if people are fascinated by learning , then why not ?
the building repairs are happening after the rana plaza building in the capital of bangladesh , dhaka , collapsed in 2013 and 1,138 people died .
the owner of one dhaka factory , softex cotton , said he will take legal action against the accord because his factory was closed down as a result of structural problems .
another factory owner said that , when a factory closed , even for a few months , it would lose orders and close permanently : there is no such thing as temporary closure , he said .
jenny holdcroft , policy director for industriall , which has been closely involved in the accord , said that the agreement made sure that factories would not lose orders during closure because companies agreed to continue orders with suppliers for two years .
companies dont want to pay so that rich factory owners can continue to just take the profits and not spend on their factories for years .
a spokesman for the accord said negotiations over payments and even legal action would not delay its work to improve safety in factories .
we had a big meeting with the accord to make them understand they have to help or how will we help our workers ?
but , the children who learn in this three-square-metre room are lucky .
after they stop working , they sometimes find it difficult to make friends and adapt to school .
it is also difficult to make sure they stay in school lots of these children dont finish school .
in 2015 , sohay helped 1,540 children to leave dangerous work and helped 2,125 more children those who would soon start work to go to school .
about 780 more children are preparing to start school in 2017 .
the labour law of bangladesh 2006 does not allow children younger than 14 to work but unicef says that , in bangladesh , 4.7 million children younger than 14 are employed and 1.3 million children aged five to 17 do dangerous work .
barack obama has told young people to reject pessimism and meet people who have different political beliefs if they want to change the world .
on the last day of his last visit to britain as us president , obama told 500 youth leaders at a meeting in london : reject the idea that there are things we cant control .
reject pessimism and know that progress is possible .
obama said he was proud of his healthcare reforms and talked about the 2008 financial crisis : i saved the world from depression that was quite good .
furqan naeem , from manchester , said : i recently visited the united states and i saw some really important work the president did the work brought different people together .
later , obama met labour party leader , jeremy corbyn , who said they had an excellent 90-minute discussion .
stewart baker , who worked at the us national security agency ( nsa ) , said metadata tells you everything about somebodys life .
patrick mutchler , a researcher at stanford , said that people who collect the information understand the power of metadata but that the public was in the dark .
for the study , 823 people agreed for researchers to collect metadata from their phones using an app .
the app also received information from their facebook pages , which the scientists used to check their results .
in this way , they named the city people lived in 57 % of the time and were nearly 90 % correct in guessing , within 50 miles , where people lived .
then , the scientists used a simple computer program to analyse peoples calls and this helped them to see who was in a relationship .
once they knew the owner of a particular phone number had a partner , it was easy to find out who the partner was , they said .
pigeon skeletons lie among broken mirrors and water is coming through the walls .
their grecian columns are cracking into pieces and mosaic-tiled swimming pools are filled with broken stones .
nature has taken control and owls have moved in .
metal bars block the windows of another mansion , which has sold for 20m .
inside one mansion , the ceiling has collapsed and water drips through a huge crystal chandelier onto a thick carpet , which is rotting .
moss grows through bricks and mirrored tiles are lying on a bathroom floor .
there are pigeons in its huge , high-ceiling halls and its walls are bright green with algae .
a security guard outside one mansion said that the owners were not there .
another guard outside royal mansion would not say if anyone was home and a member of staff at another mansion warned the guardian about the guard dogs .
i have never seen what my neighbours look like .
there are about three houses that are lived in 24 / 7 and half of the houses are lived in three to six months a year .
he has decided to rebuild one of the most expensive sites on the avenue as a collection of 20 apartments with a concierge , maid service , 25-metre pool , spa and cinema .
haggerty was frustrated when she was unable to buy a tv , which was reduced from 299.99 to 149.99 , so rushed to pick up a vacuum cleaner , which was reduced from 319.99 to 159.99 .
police were called to several other stores just before the doors opened at midnight .
manchester police said they arrested at least two people at black friday sales events .
were going to pc world in the morning their sale starts at 8am .
these antibodies are part of the bodys response to infections but the best medical evidence has shown high antibody levels do not suggest an allergy , the guide says .
testing hair is also pointless , the guide says .
hair cannot show if you are allergic or not so testing hair cannot give any useful information on allergies .
this needs to stop , which can only happen if we prove these tests do not work .
the sense about science guide lists a number of myths about the sources of allergies , for example the myths that fast food or e numbers in food colourings cause allergies .
on the top of a hill , above northumberlands beautiful kielder water lake , a group of people are waiting in a car park next to a strange wooden building .
they are here because of the darkness and this is kielder observatory , the centre of britains latest industry astrotourism .
many more people apply for a night of stargazing at the observatory but not everyone can come because numbers are strictly limited .
instead , they decide to use their powerful telescopes to look at jupiter and venus and , later , to find stars such as capella and betelgeuse .
an extra attraction is the appearance of the international space station .
the key moment for northumberland came in 2013 when the entire national park , about 1,500 square kilometres in area , got dark sky park status .
research in 2013 showed that only 5 % of the uk population can see more than 31 stars on a clear night .
the areas must also prove their night skies are very dark .
in northumberland dark sky park , it is so dark that venus casts a shadow on the earth .
duncan wise , visitor development officer for the northumberland national park , helped to lead the campaign for dark-sky status .
because of their hard work , many of the 1.5 million tourists who visit northumberland each year are now aware of its dark sky status .
a new 14-million national landscape discovery centre will have an observatory when it is completed in a couple of years .
he is planning britains first astrovillage it would have the largest public observatory in the world , a 100-seat auditorium , a 100-seat planetarium , and radiomagnetic and solar telescopes .
the multimillion-pound project would also have a hotel and attract 100,000 visitors a year that is four times the number that are currently able to use the observatory .
if you had to build a visitor attraction from the beginning , what could be better than the universe ?
rising human populations and use of resources have made many people believe that these animals could soon become extinct .
brown bears , wolves and the eurasian lynx are found in nearly one-third of mainland europe ( excluding belarus , ukraine and russia ) .
bears are the most common large carnivore in europe there are around 17,000 bears .
only belgium , denmark , the netherlands and luxembourg in mainland europe have no breeding populations of at least one large carnivore species .
guillaume chapron from swedens university of agricultural sciences and researchers across europe found wolves living in suburban areas with up to 3,050 people per square kilometre .
to have wolves , we dont need to remove people from the landscape , said chapron .
most important , said chapron , is the eu habitats directive , which has forced member states to protect and revive rare species .
without the habitats directive , i dont think we would have had this revival , he said .
the roof is plastic and the desks just old chairs , but the students inside the chemin des dunes school are studying hard .
now , we need to build another school , he says with a grin .
french is not as easy as english but , two weeks ago , i decided there was no way to get to the uk , says george , another refugee and student .
he wanted to cross the channel because he speaks fluent english but , with language classes , he says he is happy to stay in france .
he says he doesnt know much about france but the classes are slowly helping him understand the country and the language .
jenny flahaut , 33 , who works at a childrens home , volunteered when she saw an advertisement on facebook .
most of the women feel uncomfortable going to classes with male students they dont know , the volunteers say .
zimarco has more dreams for making the camp a place to live , not just survive .
he hates the jungle because he says it sounds like the residents arent people .
when larry pizzi first heard about electric bikes nearly 20 years ago , he asked : why would anyone want to spoil a bike by putting a motor and batteries on it ?
familiar brands including trek , raleigh and specialized all offer electric bikes and they believe that the market is going to grow .
they are popular in many parts of europe , too .
theyre common in the netherlands and switzerland ; german postal workers use them and bmw sells one for about $ 3,000 .
electric bikes are different from motorcycles or mopeds , which use motors ; you pedal an electric bike with or without help from an electric motor .
batteries are getting smaller , theyre getting lighter , theyre getting more reliable and they are lasting longer , says don dicostanza , the ceo of pedego , an electric bikemaker and retailer .
perhaps most importantly , more cities are building bike lanes so bicycle commuting has become more popular .
most of our customers are baby boomers who want to have the cycling experience they had as a kid , says pedegos don dicostanza .
it opened its first american store in venice beach , california in 2014 and hopes to have 25 us stores in a year .
he tells customers : ride this bike once and try not to smile .
unfortunately , people who followed the story were disappointed because the pair did not fall in love .
it wasnt easy and it wasnt immediate .
it took us about a week to really understand each other , axani said .
at the end of the trip , wed developed a really great rhythm one second , we had really funny jokes and , the next second , we knew when the other person needed time alone .
so thats a lot of stories , thats a lot of people and thats a lot of love for their home city of prague .
it was an adventure .
axani arrived back in toronto at 3am and went directly to a meeting at his charity , a ticket forward .
when two people on a remote pacific island saw a small boat washed up on the beach , they decided to take a closer look .
inside the boat , they found a very thin man with long hair and a beard , who said he drifted for 16 months after leaving mexico , more than 12,500km away .
a friend died at sea several months before , he said .
his health isnt good , but hes getting better , said ola fjeldstad , a norwegian anthropology student doing research on ebon island , one of the marshall islands .
the boat looks like it has been in the water for a long time , fjeldstad said .
according to fjeldstad , the people who found the man took him to a nearby island which is so remote it has only one phone line and no internet to meet the mayor .
it was possible to catch turtles or small fish by hand , he said , because they will come close to a small boat to shelter underneath it .
christian advises people who have to eat turtles to start with their eyes lots of fluid then drink the blood .
if you have no fresh water and it doesnt rain for a few days , so you cant collect rainwater , you will die .
in 2006 , three mexicans made international headlines when they were found drifting near the marshall islands , also in a small boat .
much better than an egg or a sandwich or a cup of tea , said arvind singh at 6.15am as he did his breathing exercises .
the participants will include 64-year-old modi , most of his government and celebrities .
and , three million civil servants and their families will get free daily yoga lessons .
modi said that yoga is a gift of indias ancient tradition .
suneel singh , a guru in south delhi , said that yoga does not just belong to one religion : is tai chi just chinese ?
the bestselling book on amazon in the us is a colouring books for adults by scottish illustrator johanna basford .
the books have celebrity fans like zooey deschanel , who shared a link about the book with her facebook followers , and the south korean pop star kim ki-bum , who posted an image on instagram for his 1.6 million followers .
the last few weeks have been madness , but fantastic madness , said eleanor blatherwick , head of sales and marketing at the books publisher , laurence king .
we knew the books would be beautiful but we didnt realize they would be such a big success .
the first book we did was in 2012 , creative colouring for grown-ups .
for many people , a blank sheet of paper is very daunting ; with a colouring book you just need to bring the colour .
he had a gold and silver rolex watch and lots of expensive cars .
but , authorities suspected he was not paying taxes on the clothes , furniture and other goods he was bringing in from china .
the uk stopped using the 500 note in 2010 because they were used almost entirely by criminals .
in 2009 , italys central bank said that mafia money launderers and terrorists used the notes .
peter sands , the former head of standard chartered bank , said we should get rid of large notes , including the 500 , the $ 100 , the 1,000 swiss franc note and the 50 .
the purple 500 note was introduced in 2002 : it replaced the 1,000 deutschmark , the 10,000 belgian franc and the 500,000 italian lira .
hundreds of young cubans are using a free , unrestricted internet service in the communist island nation .
perhaps more surprisingly , the state-owned telecommunications company , etecsa , is allowing the service .
but , in a country where only about 5 % of the population has open access to the internet , a facility that is both free and has no restrictions is very welcome .
the chance to visit international news websites , communicate with friends and family overseas and use sites like facebook and twitter has created a lot of excitement .
diplomatic and trade relations between the us and cuba are improving and american tech giants such as google and apple may soon enter the cuban market .
the artist said he wanted to encourage cubans to become familiar with the internet .
its only possible if you are determined and if you pay for it , kcho told the associated press .
kcho pays $ 900 a month to provide the free wi-fi .
one user said he sometimes visits in the middle of the night , when nobody else is around , and , then , the speed is extremely fast .
until the end , david bowie , who has died of cancer , still surprised us .
david took the name bowie so people wouldnt confuse him with davy jones of the monkees .
this time , bowie appeared as ziggy stardust , a science-fiction character an intergalactic glam-rock star visiting planet earth .
with the album station to station ( 1976 ) , bowie turned himself into a new character , the thin white duke .
1983 was the year in which he put his energy into the album lets dance and his concerts .
lets dance turned bowie into a global rock star the album and its singles lets dance , china girl and modern love all became huge international hits .
at the 1985 live aid concert at wembley stadium , bowie was one of the best performers .
also , that year , he worked with mick jagger to record the fundraising single dancing in the street , which quickly went to number 1 .
a few days after he performed at the freddie mercury tribute concert at wembley stadium in april 1992 , bowie married the somalian model iman and bought a home in new york .
for the album black tie white noise ( 1993 ) , he included elements of soul and hip hop .
it went to the top of the uk album chart and gave him a top 10 single , jump they say .
during his reality tour in 2004 , bowie had chest pains while he was performing in germany and needed emergency surgery in hamburg .
in 2014 , bowie was given the brit award for best british male he was the oldest person to get the award .
he leaves behind his wife , iman , their daughter , alexandria , his stepdaughter , zulekha , and his son , duncan , from his first marriage .
the critics usually analyse the novels of wellknown british author david mitchell in detail .
he completed his latest book at 1am one tuesday morning before a car arrived to take him to the airport to catch a flight to norway .
the first author , margaret atwood , gave the manuscript of a text called scribbler moon to the project in 2015 .
everything is telling us that were doomed but the future library brings hope that we are stronger than we think : that we will be here , that there will be trees , that there will be books and readers , and civilization .
so my book had better be good .
i would look such a fool if they opened my book in 2114 and it wasnt any good .
mitchell revealed only the name of the manuscript , from me flows what you call time , during a ceremony in the norwegian woods next to where the 1,000 trees are planted .
the title comes from a piece of music by japanese composer toru takemitsu .
they will seal his manuscript and put it next to atwoods manuscript in a room in oslos new public library , which will open in 2019 .
they fly in groups over the city and sit on the citys buildings .
environmental authorities are putting gopro video cameras and gps trackers on the birds the birds now work in the fight against fly-tipping and illegal dumping .
samuel is one of the projects ten black vultures that are looking for rubbish .
usaid and the peruvian environment ministry are working together on this project to try to solve limas rubbish problem .
lima has nearly ten million inhabitants but just four landfills so there are many illegal dumps .
a fifth of the citys rubbish goes into the illegal dumps , according to the environment ministry .
europe will become the first part of the world to force car makers to use real-world emissions tests .
other countries , such as china and korea , are also considering real-world emissions tests .
one key reason why air pollution kills 400,000 european citizens each year is that car makers cheat the tests for diesel cars this causes much more pollution on the road , said greg archer , the clean vehicles manager for transport and environment .
campaigners say that car makers have tried to delay reforms to car tests .
real driving emissions is a totally new regulation that will force significant changes , said cara mclaughlin , a spokesperson for the european automobile manufacturers association ( acea ) .
but acea fully accepts that the regulation will apply to new types of cars from september 2017 .
when eu representatives finally agreed a regulation for nitrogen oxide limits with stricter road trials and monitoring of exhaust fumes acea sent the european commission their own draft regulation .
countries around the world will watch the introduction of the eus new emissions tests carefully .
my near-death experience made me anxious about everything .
i felt that people were looking at me in the wrong way , i began to have problems with loud noises and i suffered from memory loss .
we think dolphins are lovely and we have faith in them who would think a dolphin would ever attack a person ?
so many people come here to swim with her and they dont understand how dangerous it can be .
after the man pulled me out of the water , dusty swam away but , then , she came back and looked at me .
climate change , falling numbers of animals , rising numbers of humans and extinction mean that more and more scientists now believe that we are in the anthropocene age the age of extinction .
some populations of mammals , birds , reptiles and amphibians have reduced even more , with freshwater species declining by 76 % over the same period .
pandas are cute and tigers are beautiful but other animals are more useful its worms that turn our waste into nutrients and bats that catch mosquitoes and keep malaria rates down .
its not so simple as fish die and people starve its more complex , said isaac .
dancevic collapsed during the second set of his match against frances benot paire on the uncovered court six at melbourne park .
i dont think its fair to anybody to the players , to the fans , to the sport when you see players passing out , he added .
the british number one , andy murray , said : its defi nitely a problem .
and it looks terrible for the whole sport when people are collapsing , ball kids are collapsing , people watching are collapsing .
caroline wozniacki said : i put the water bottle down on the court and it started melting a little bit .
john isner said : it was like an oven when i open the oven and the potatoes are ready .
victoria azarenka said , it felt pretty hot , like youre dancing in a frying pan or something like that .
dancevic , who said he felt dizzy from the middle of the second set , unsurprisingly lost 76 , 63 , 64 .
chinas peng shuai also said the heat had made her cramp up and vomit , and someone had to help her leave the court after her 75 , 46 , 63 defeat to japans kurumi nara .
if youve trained hard enough all your life , or the last few weeks , and you believe you can do it and come through it , theres no reason .
the swiss federal office of justice said of the latest arrests : they are in custody before their extradition .
webb and the colombian former executive luis bedoya entered guilty pleas in the us .
eleven current and former fifa executives have now been charged in the investigation , which alleges $ 200m in bribes , mainly from tv and marketing contracts but also fifas development programmes .
teixeira , the former son-in-law of the fifa ex-president joo havelange , was charged together with del nero and his predecessor jos maria marin , who was charged in may 2015 .
days later , blatter won a fifth term as president but then agreed to leave his job as the crisis grew .
he was then suspended together with the uefa president , michel platini , because of an alleged 1.3m payment to the frenchman .
both men might get life bans when the fifa ethics committee hears their case in december if they are found guilty .
recent research showed half of tenants were unable to save any money for a deposit and a quarter could only save 100 or less each month .
but it also found that 30 % are not saving any money .
michael day , 30 , who lives with his parents in bristol , says its difficult to save for a mortgage deposit when rents are so high .
i dont really want to move out to rent because its more than a mortgage but you need such a big deposit to get a mortgage .
sue green , who works for saga , a business that sells insurance to people over 50 , said most parents did not think their children would live with them in their 20s or 30s .
jenna gavin , 29 , lives in the family home where she grew up .
ive thought about buying and seen mortgage advisers but i just cant borrow enough to get on the property ladder .
she is trying to save for a deposit .
its difficult to save enough money even a 5 % deposit is such a lot of money , she said .
they want me to try to save and i do other things i buy food and i do things around the house .
women have traditionally had a minor role in professional football but this may be changing .
france has just employed its first female professional team manager .
it did not matter if it was , as some people suggested , just a publicity stunt for a minor team , clermont foot 63 .
as a woman , its made me happy , said vronique soulier , president of the clubs supporters association .
the new manager of clermont foot 63 was born in alhandra , portugal and has a masters degree in sports science .
she previously coached benficas male youth teams , the qatar womens team and , more recently , the iranian womens national team .
not the argentinian and barcelona striker lionel messi , but junior messi enguene , a 20-year-old midfielder from cameroon .
in 1999 , she became coach of the mens team viterbese .
but , after only two games , she resigned from the job because of a disagreement with the clubs owner .
she added : i see too many men , even in the womens game , who do not have the same expertise as women but are working .
i told myself that , if i took control of a club again , id hire a woman as my number two .
in my opinion , its just a publicity stunt to get people talking about the club .
a third wrote : i wish her welcome and success but i think itll be hard for her to do well as a woman in such a macho business .
but soulier was hopeful : hopefully , with the new manager , the club can find the motivation they dont have at the moment , she said .
after doing work experience at chelsea during jos mourinhos first time as manager of the club between 2004 and 2007 , people described her as mourinho in a skirt .
the images show dramatic mountains made from solid water ice as big as the alps or the rockies .
the extraordinary images of the former ninth planet and its large moon , charon , were sent four billion miles back to earth from the new horizons spacecraft .
pluto used to be the ninth planet but , since 2006 , it has been a dwarf planet .
scientists believe the mountains on pluto are made from water ice with just a thin cover of methane and nitrogen .
this means it takes new horizons hours to send back a picture and it will take 16 months to send back all the data .
cathy olkin , a mission scientist , said : charon just blew our socks off when we saw the new image .
we talked to five people who do some unusual jobs about how much they are paid , what the worst parts are and why they enjoy their work .
typical salary : when you start , the salary is usually around 14,500 .
but the emotional side of the job is still hard , he says .
theyre not dangerous but they are almost 100 % muscle and they can be a little bit slimy , says stephen mowat , an eel ecologist for the zoological society of london .
job satisfaction : working outside and seeing british wildlife really close is the best part of the job , says mowat .
i prepare and research as much information as possible on every product , says shaun ryan , presenter for ideal world tv .
chemists have waited a long time to find a new element and , now , researchers in japan , russia and the us have discovered four .
they are the first elements to be added since 2011 , when elements 114 and 116 were included .
iupac said that a russian-american team of scientists at the joint institute for nuclear research in dubna and lawrence livermore national laboratory in california had discovered elements 115 , 117 and 118 .
kosuke morita , who led the research at riken , said his team now planned to look to element 119 and beyond .
the japanese team is considering three names for element 113 : japonium , rikenium and nishinarium , after the nishina center for accelerator-based science , where they found the element .
if we understand it better , hopefully we can find a better way to deal with nuclear waste and things that are important in the real world .
in 1996 , someone suggested the symbol cp for copernicium , or element 112 , but it was changed to cn , when scientists complained that cp was already the symbol for another substance .
to discover the elements , researchers at the three labs crashed lighter nuclei into one another and looked for the radioactive decays that should come from the new elements .
paul karol , chair of the iupac panel that checked the elements , said : it will be a long time before we can find practical uses for the new elements .
about one million plastic bottles are used during the festival .
thousands more bottles will go on sale to festival-goers to stop them using plastic bottles .
lucy smith , glastonburys green issues organizer , said : we have amazing water quality in the uk but everyone drinks bottled water .
there is currently 150 million tonnes of plastic rubbish around the planet and oceans , poisoning ecosystems and killing wildlife .
the festival organizers hope to make glastonbury the worlds greenest music festival .
they want to be like americas burning man festival in the black rock desert of nevada , where people have to take away everything that they take to the festival .
millions of barrels of oil are used to make plastic bottles and transporting mineral water across the planet produces even more carbon emissions .
smith said that festival-goers should not buy bottled water ; they should use the water on tap , which comes from big underground reservoirs .
britons are now drinking on average only eight cups of tea a week they drank 23 cups in 1974 .
tea is still the most popular hot drink in the uk but people now spend more money on coffee .
the data comes from 150,000 families who took part in the survey between 1974 and 2000 , combined with information from 2000 to 2014 .
fresh potatoes are also becoming less popular with a 67 % decrease from 1974 , when adults ate around 188g every day .
the amount of takeaway food they eat has almost doubled since 1974 , from 80g per person per week to 150g .
bananas have been the most popular fruit in the uk since 1996 adults ate 221g per adult per week in 2014 , much more than apples ( 131g ) and oranges ( 48g ) .
britons also spend a smaller percentage of their salaries on food today 11 % , compared with 24 % in 1974 .
the vice-president of google has warned that digitized material from blogs , tweets , pictures , videos and official documents such as emails could be lost forever because the programs we need to view them will no longer exist .
he said that we might become a forgotten generation or even a forgotten century because of bit rot , where old computer files become useless junk .
if we want to keep it , we need to make sure that people can still see the digital objects we create today in the future , he added .
we are throwing all of our data into an information black hole .
in the 1980s , it was normal to save documents on floppy disks and buy computer games on cassettes .
cerf warns that we will also lose important political and historical documents because of bit rot .
researchers in pittsburgh are trying to find a solution to bit rot .
it could be even more difficult to get the legal permissions to copy and store software before it dies .
were talking about preserving documents for hundreds to thousands of years , said cerf .
but google , in the us , shocked the car and taxi industries when it unveiled the latest version of its driverless car .
instead , it has a smartphone app that calls it and tells it the destination , and a stop button between the two seats in case the passengers need to override the computer .
talking about the car , he said , youre just sitting there ; no steering wheel , no pedals .
about ten seconds after getting into the car , i forgot i was there .
there need to be detailed scans of the roads before the cars can drive on them , because they cannot collect and process enough information in real time .
so far , there are detailed maps of about 2,000 miles of californias roads , but california has more than 170,000 miles of roads .
dennis conyon from the uk national taxi association said that taxi drivers will become unemployed .
london has about 22,000 black taxis and conyon thinks that the total number of people who drive taxis in the uk is about 100,000 .
so far , the google versions of the driverless cars have driven 700,000 miles without an accident caused by the computer .
the company says that thousands of people die each year on the roads and that about 80 % of crashes are caused by human mistakes .
the real downton abbey is highclere castle a stately home owned by george herbert , 8th earl of carnarvon .
at the moment , they only use the ground floor and first floor of highclere , on the borders of hampshire .
the organization , visitbritain , says that nearly 30 % of foreign visitors , nearly nine million people , visit castles and historic houses .
more than a million tourists take a tour of historic buildings each year and they spend more than 1 billion .
fifty-one per cent of brazilians , 42 % of russians and chinese , and 35 % of indian visitors will probably include a visit to a site of interest in their trips .
lady carnarvon says that the long-term future of highclere might not be secure .
highclere castle plans a tutankhamun event in 2022 , 100 years after the 5th earl of carnarvon went to egypt with howard carter and discovered tutankhamuns tomb .
ive tried to show people it is fun .
in my new job , i spent my days on the streets in political rallies and my nights alone in the offi ce , where i coordinated the news from areas of fi ghting in el salvador , nicaragua , guatemala and the rest of central america .
while i was working as a reporter , i found out that i was bad at understanding numbers in spanish .
even worse , there were too many victims in my stories 83 dead in a fi re at 6pm become 38 dead by 7pm ; 12 people injured in a coach crash soon became two and so it went on .
perhaps it is because of different numbering systems .
some experts believe there is a link between dyscalculia the diffi culty in understanding arithmetic and problems learning foreign languages , particularly if you learn languages by rote .
but , perhaps its also because we often hear numbers in a non-native language out of context .
i talked to multilingual friends and they said that they are fl uent in french or italian when ordering from a restaurant menu , for example , but freeze if they have to say numbers , especially over the phone .
but , in that fi rst journalism job , getting the numbers wrong didnt always mean failure .
but the challenge continues to grow .
the charity wateraid is asking people to use recycled water from their baths or rainwater from their gardens , or to use sea water .
we didnt expect it but , suddenly , the donations just started .
actor verne troyer used milk , also for environmental reasons .
another criticism is that small charities wont know what to do with the extra money but the mnd association rejects this .
we give care and support to 3,500 people and they need it because this disease is expensive to manage .
but , for many people with a connection to the disease , the awareness that the challenge has created is as important as the money .
with his icelandic wife , kristin , cardew is appealing against a decision by the national registry in the capital reykjavik the registry decided not to renew the cardews ten-year-old daughter harriets passport because it does not recognize her first name .
the registry does not recognize the name of harriets 12-year-old brother duncan either , so , until now , the two children have travelled on passports with the names stlka and drengur cardew , which mean girl and boy cardew .
the situation meant the family were going to miss their holiday in france but they have applied to the british embassy for an emergency uk passport , which should now allow them to leave .
if a name is not on a recognized list of 1,853 female and 1,712 male names , the parents must get approval from the icelandic naming committee .
what this means is that names with letters that do not officially exist in icelands 32-letter alphabet , such as c , are not permitted .
the cardews could solve harriets problem by giving her an icelandic middle name .
but its a bit late for that and much too silly , said cardew .
on cloud nine most of us are happy to call clouds fluffy ones or nasty black ones , but there are more than 50 cloud types .
around the rainbow the best place to see a rainbow is from a plane .
rainbows are made when sunlight hits raindrops .
blue light scatters more than other colours , so the blue looks like it comes from the sky .
people have been hurt when they are not strapped in or falling luggage may hit them but the plane is not going to fall out of the sky .
its impossible to get water hotter than 90c during flight so choose coffee .
a plane is a noisy place and food loses some of its taste when there are loud noises .
ash melts in the heat of the engine , then solidifies on the rotors .
the shape of the wing pushes air down .
as the air is pushed down , the wing gets an equal and opposite push up , and this lifts the plane .
a recent report says that the wealthiest people in india will become four times richer by 2018 hundreds of thousands of new entrepreneurs and inheritors will become multimillionaires .
they really want to show or talk about their wealth and buying luxury things is a nice way to do it , balaraman said .
lamborghinis chief executive , stephan winkelmann , said , in 2013 , that the traffic and roads in india are not so suitable for the $ 450,000 sports cars .
another super-rich person bought identical pairs of louis vuitton bags , then cut up half of them to make clothes that would match her bags .
even the traditional indian wedding is changing .
traditionally , people send presents such as silver plates , dried fruit or sweets with wedding invitations .
he would want to know whats happening on the outside .
thats his personality .
the drainpipe was 50 metres long and opened into hawkes bay , on the east coast of new zealands north island .
it is also possible that inky escaped through an open pipe at the top of his tank , which led under the floor to the drain .
when we came in the next morning and his tank was empty , i was really surprised , said yarrell , who has not started looking for inky .
the staff and i have been sad .
reiss jenkinson , a keeper at the national aquarium , said he was absolutely certain inky was not stolen .
i have seen octopuses on boats escape through waste pumps .
because octopuses have no bones , they can fit into very small spaces and can squeeze through gaps the size of coins .
at the island bay marine education centre in wellington , an octopus visited another tank every night to steal crabs , then return to its own tank .
another octopus at the centre , ozymandias , broke a world record for opening a jar .
inky was brought to the national aquarium several years ago by a local fisherman who found him in a fishing pot .
flappy bird dong nguyen , the inventor of the mobile game flappy bird , removed it from app stores .
the labradoodle the labradoodle isnt a monster its lovely .
but whats monstrous is the way people sell crossbreed dogs since the labradoodles inventor , wally conron , fi rst created the dog in the 1980s .
ive created a lot of problems , he said .
its inventors , bob gable and his brother kirkland , were later horrifi ed that the tag became a form of control and punishment .
its not pleasant , kirkland gable said in 2010 , but im not in control of the universe .
pepper spray after police sprayed peaceful protesters with pepper spray at a university of california campus in 2011 , kamran loghman , one of the scientists who helped develop the spray in the 80s said , i have never seen such an inappropriate use of chemicals .
the offi ce cubicle in the late 60s , a new kind of offi ce was made to give workers privacy and increase how well and how quickly people work by giving more work space .
the inventor , bob propst , said , in 1997 , the use of cubicles in modern companies is crazy .
jmw turner , one of britains greatest painters , will be on the new 20 note , after a national vote .
the final five barbara hepworth , charlie chaplin , josiah wedgwood , william hogarth and turner were chosen because of their importance to the visual arts and british society and because of their influence .
they made the announcement about the new banknote at the turner contemporary gallery in margate .
carney and the artist tracey emin , who grew up in the town , made the announcement together .
the note will also inlude a quote from the artist light is therefore colour and his signature .
the signature is from his will , in which he left many of his paintings to britain .
turner was born in 1775 in london , the son of a barber , and he went to the royal academy schools at the age of 14 .
in 1786 , he went to margate and there his love of painting and drawing the north-east kent coast began .
but very few employees take these days .
many british workers think that a two-week summer holiday is their right but workers in japan think that a four-night vacation in hawaii is a big self-indulgence .
by 2020 , the government hopes that the law will make japanese employees follow the example of british workers , who take an average of 20 days paid annual leave , and workers in france , who take an average of 25 .
about 22 % of japanese work more than 49 hours a week , compared with 16 % of us workers and 11 % in france and germany , according to data from the japanese government .
yuu wakebe , who works at the health ministry , admits that he does 100 hours of overtime a month .
john lewiss 2015 christmas advert shows a lonely old man who lives on the moon .
rachel swift , head of marketing at john lewis , said that people talk about charities at christmas and the ad makes you think about someone who lives on your street that might not see anybody .
there will be a full moon on christmas day 2015 a complete coincidence , says swift .
it had 22 million views on youtube by the first week of january more than the 16.6m views of sainsburys ad with first world war soldiers sharing a bar of chocolate , the uks second most popular ad of 2014 .
i think people will think the ad is really cute .
these days , most concerts are now lit up with phones and tablets , but bush does not want her fans to watch her shows through a screen .
in 2013 , beyonc told a fan , you cant even sing because youre too busy filming .
recently , dutch football fans at psv eindhoven protested against the introduction of wi-fi in their stadium .
even in the world of classical music , one of the worlds top pianists surprised the audience in june 2013 when he left the stage because a fan was filming his performance on a smartphone .
we think that filming at concerts adds to the experience , and i think that , if kate bush came round for a cup of tea , we could have a really interesting discussion about this , he added .
but thats exactly what kiruna , an arctic town in northern sweden , has to do .
they will move this city of 23,000 people away from a gigantic iron-ore mine that is swallowing up the ground beneath its streets .
located 145km inside the arctic circle , kiruna has a very difficult climate .
the people of kiruna have waited for ten years , says viktoria walldin , a social anthropologist who works with the architects .
they are already building a new town square , 3km to the east , with a circular town hall planned by danish architect henning larsen .
but most people worry about where they will live and how they will get a house or flat .
people here pay very low rents and have very high incomes but , in future , this will change says lindstedt .
if you look more closely , the plan shows that the new town does not look like the old kiruna at all .
the white architects plan shows multi-storey apartment blocks around shared courtyards in long straight streets .
it is an opportunity , say the architects , for kiruna to become a town that will attract young people .
legos profits rose strongly in the first half of 2014 , helped by the success of its lego movie in the us and uk .
it is entertaining and aimed at people who are likely to buy the companys products .
lego , based in the small town of billund in denmark , started producing its plastic bricks in 1949 and became a popular and well-known childrens toy around the world by the 1970s .
the office for national statistics says that britain is the loneliest place in europe .
we know that loneliness is a problem for the elderly and there are day centres and charities to help them , says sam challis , of the mental health charity mind , but , young people over 21 are too old for youth services .
people present perfect versions of themselves online and we expect to have social lives like the lives we see in the media , says challis .
a study of social media at the university of michigan in 2013 found that using technology to help you meet new people can be a good thing .
for example , mumsnet , an online network for parents , can help you feel less alone when you are at home with young children .
according to recent research , loneliness is killing the elderly and , with an ageing population , we should try to reduce our isolation before it is too late .
american researchers say that a nasal spray containing the love hormone oxytocin could help children with autism behave more normally in social situations .
autism is a disorder that one in 100 people have .
it affects people in different ways , but causes difficulties in social interaction and communication .
so far , there is no effective treatment for the social problems that autism causes .
but not all results are positive : one recent study found no significant benefit for young people who took the chemical for several days .
then , the scientists scanned their brains while they looked at images of cars or the eyes of people expressing different emotions .
he said that it was too early to use oxytocin as a treatment for the social difficulties caused by autism and said people should not buy oxytocin online .
it is also not known yet if oxytocin only has benefits for people with autism or has any bad side effects .
uta frith , who studies autism at university college london , said : according to this study , oxytocin may make faces more interesting .
james bond is not slowing down .
so , there was a lot of interest when they announced more details about the 24th bond film especially its title , spectre .
the number one question is : can spectre be as successful as skyfall ?
it was both modern and retro .
daniel craig fans liked it and , also , older , more nostalgic bond fans , who lost interest over the previous few films .
actors like fiennes will only be in a film if they like the director .
according to gant , the period of roger moores last films and daltons films didnt excite audiences .
benjamin carle is 96.9 % made in france , even his underpants and socks .
he got the idea after the minister for economic renewal , arnaud montebourg , asked the french people to buy french products .
for the experiment , carle had to give up his smartphone , television , refrigerator ( all made in china ) ; his glasses ( italian ) ; his morning coffee ( guatemalan ) and his favourite david bowie music ( british ) .
without a refrigerator ( none are made in france ) , he had to chill his food on the window ledge .
when he stayed home , with no sofa for the first few months and no television , he listened to french singer michel sardou and read french novels .
his computer was replaced by a qooq , a tablet that connects slowly to the internet and the iphone , which he swapped for an old sagem mobile .
he even asked a french language expert to check if he should use the word cool and other english words the expert told him swap it for the nearest french alternative : chouette .
carles conclusion : its not entirely possible to live 100 % made in france , particularly in terms of new technology .
it was trying to show that we should think about the way we buy and make different choices , and that is the same in all countries .
if we want to save jobs and industries , we should support them .
a t-shirt is more expensive in france but i can be sure it has been made by workers who are correctly paid and have good working conditions .
the group plans to send a lander and satellite to mars in 2018 , followed by a rover in 2020 and cargo missions starting in 2022 .
the astronauts will not return to earth .
he talked about the selection process in more detail : i have not met anyone from mars one .
to me , that sounded like a proper astronaut selection process .
but it changed from a proper regional interview over several days to a ten-minute skype call .
he then said that , if a one-way mission to mars ever became possible , i would always volunteer .
and so , like many others in silicon valley , the 27-year-old has started a business : betterboyfriend.me , a service that sends girlfriends and wives a present every month for about $ 70 .
each month , sullivans clients choose from a list of seven possible gifts ( chocolate , tea sets , etc ) .
one of the boyfriends wrote to me and said , shes not mad but cynthia found out .
i think , after youve been married for a longer time , you dont keep many secrets .
when he first started his company , he attached tags that said betterboyfriend.me to flower bouquets and went to the mission district in san francisco .
i looked for couples and gave the flowers to the girl but the boyfriends didnt like that .
as temperatures rise and oceans become warmer , there will be big changes in annual rainfall in tropical and subtropical regions , says the intergovernmental panel on climate change ( ipcc ) report , released in stockholm and published online in september 2013 .
east africa can expect more short rainfalls and west africa should expect heavier monsoons .
burma , bangladesh and india can expect stronger cyclones ; elsewhere in southern asia , there will probably be heavier summer rainfalls .
indonesia may receive less rainfall between july and october , but the coastal regions around the south china sea and gulf of thailand can expect more rainfall when cyclones hit the land .
but many millions of people living in the developing worlds great cities , including lagos and calcutta , are in danger .
weather disasters are also more likely in a warmer world , the report says .
they said the number of people at risk of hunger might increase by 10 % to 20 % by 2050 .
the changing climate is already hurting the fi ght against hunger , and it looks like it will get worse , said oxfam .
the top referees of the future smile when you ask them this question .
that is quite significant because , when you talk to referees , it is obvious that they always support each other .
why do referees spend hundreds of hours driving around the country ?
he gets what all referees want every time they referee a match .
pgmols chief , mike riley , was there , and also his colleague steve dunn , watching every move the officials made .
a few weeks earlier , riley , dunn and another former referee , peter jones , went to another level-5 match to check another young referee john brooks .
a little later , the football club secretary arrived to pay the officials for their time the match fee at level 5 is 95 so it is clear that these men do not do it for the money .
how does he feel when he watches football on tv and a referee is attacked ?
the former referees agree that the backup , education and tools that todays referees have is very different from what they experienced in the past .
riley , as a young referee , bought himself books on psychology and nutrition because there was no information on offer to him at all .
he also has the support of a sports psychologist and an exercise regime to help him run 11km during a game .
but the mirror was 5c cooler than the air temperature .
buildings warm up in different ways .
hot-water boilers and cooking areas release heat .
the stanford mirror re ects 97 % of the visible light that falls on it .
when the mirror is warmed up , it releases heat at a speci c wavelength of infrared light that goes easily through the atmosphere and out into space .
the mirror is made from several layers of very thin materials .
im really excited by this , said marin solja _ _ i _ _ , a physicist at the massachusetts institute of technology .
im really excited by this , said marin solja _ _ i _ _ , a physicist at the massachusetts institute of technology .
im really excited by this , said marin solja _ _ i _ _ , a physicist at the massachusetts institute of technology .
you could use the mirrors on buildings and spend much less money on air conditioning or maybe you wouldnt need it at all .
you could use the mirrors on buildings and spend much less money on air conditioning or maybe you wouldnt need it at all .
you could use the mirrors on buildings and spend much less money on air conditioning or maybe you wouldnt need it at all .
you could put the mirrors on top of shopping malls .
you could put the mirrors on top of shopping malls .
you could put the mirrors on top of shopping malls .
the project is a key part of moroccos plans to use its deserts to become a global solar superpower .
when they are nished , the four plants at ouarzazate will be as big as moroccos capital city , rabat , and make 580 mega-watts of electricity , enough for a million homes .
we are already involved in transportation lines to take energy to the south of morocco and mauritania , says ahmed baroudi , manager of the national renewable energy investment company .
we believe that its possible to export energy to europe but , rst , we have to build the connections , which dont yet exist , said maha el-kadiri , a masen spokeswoman .
music subscription services , like spotify and deezer , have made more than $ 1bn worldwide , as fans choose to pay for music online .
in three years , the number of paying subscribers rose from 8 million to 28 million , according to the 2014 digital music report from the international federation of the phonographic industry ( ifpi ) .
people like this cheap , user-friendly and legal alternative to pirated downloads .
in britain and america , streaming may soon make more money for the music industry than downloads from online stores such as apples itunes .
retailers are becoming increasingly aware that shoppers who visit a physical store want a service and an experience they cant get online , says simon boydell , spokesman for marketforce , which has more than 300,000 mystery shoppers .
our clients want to know how well their stores are delivering on that experience .
each day , they spend up to eight hours visiting ve to ten stores , plus another hour or two writing detailed reports on every part of their visit .
mystery shoppers are usually repaid any money they spend in the stores and may also be allowed to keep the products they buy .
im always given a speci c task , such as buying something from a speci c department or a new product range , but i can often buy whatever i want and keep it .
she earns around 30,000 to 40,000 a year and that doesnt include all the freebies she gets on the job .
she nds it satisfying to return to a store where she has previously been a mystery shopper and see standards have improved .
more than 500,000 people have registered as mystery shoppers in the uk , but just 10 % or less get regular work each month .
this has led to a dramatic reduction in payment .
marketforce shoppers usually get a couple of pounds for a visit , for their time and effort , says boydell .
i wont do those jobs anymore .
hannah , a 41-year-old lawyer , has made nearly 500 visits for the mystery dining company in her spare time without receiving pay or travel expenses .
he had been on several missions before but said that his biggest surprise was how long this mission felt .
when the russian capsule opened , he felt the cool air of kazakhstan and smelled a smell like a plant was blooming in that area .
the iss , he said , is a place that uses the power of the sun and an international team helped to build it .
he described the beautiful waters around the bahamas and the rainbow colours of the lakes of the northern himalayas .
the atlas uses rainbow colours to show how words and their meanings are grouped together in areas of the brain .
a single brain spot contains a number of related words .
and , each single word appears in many different brain spots .
together , they form networks that represent the meanings of each word we use : life and love , death and taxes .
it is possible that we could use this technology to decode information about what words a person is hearing , reading or possibly even thinking , said alexander huth , the main author of the study .
to make the atlas , the scientists recorded peoples brain activity while they listened to stories .
then , they matched the transcripts of the stories with the brain activity data to show how groups of related words produced 50,000 to 80,000 responses all over the brain .
huth used short , interesting stories .
each person heard about 25,000 words and more than 3,000 different words as they lay in the scanner .
the atlas shows how words and related terms use the same regions of the brain .
the same region responds to killed and murdered .
on the brains right-hand side , near the top of the head , is one of the brain spots used for family terms : wife , husband , children , parents .
each word is represented by more than one spot because words often have many meanings .
one part of the brain , for example , is used for the word top and also for other words that describe clothes .
one of them is for numbers and measurements , another for buildings and places .
but , the scientists only scanned ve men and two women .
it is highly possible that people from different backgrounds and cultures will have different brain atlases .
but , at the moment , the brain atlas does not show small differences in word meanings .
but , at the moment , the brain atlas does not show small differences in word meanings .
martha wood lives beside a loud bar that has live music .
i couldnt ban smoking in my bar without a ban in the whole city , says douville .
neil timms owns an english pub and saw a smoking ban before , in england .
back home in england , every pub i knew closed because of the smoking ban , remembers timms of englands ban , which began in 2007 .
there are lots of people who would enjoy coming to our bar but they never came because they didnt want to smell like smoke for the next seven days now , those people can come .
the owners need to tell them to go and have a smoke but be respectful to their communities .
bar customers must ll out a form or call 311 and include photographs of illegal smoking .
geoff douville says that hes used to noise complaints .
you will see : the neighbours who complain about the noise now are going to be the same ones who wanted the smoking ban .
there is now climate change on all continents .
copenhagen looked at the risks and challenges but it also looked at the solutions .
from switzerland , we learned a better way to recycle and reuse old clothes and shoes .
and from canada , we learned how smartphones can make bike-sharing easier .
wecyclers makes it possible for poor communities to make money from the waste from their streets .
we cant just reduce emissions we must also use our natural resources more intelligently and create healthier lives for ourselves .
this gift that we are born with the ability to hear things hundreds of metres away , all these incredible sounds might be lost , he said .
for the past ten years , the us national park service has recorded sound levels at more than 600 parks in the us , including yosemite in california , yellowstone and denali in alaska .
fristrups team say that noise pollution more than doubles every 30 years .
even in our cities , there are birds and things to appreciate in the environment but we are losing the ability to hear them .
if nding peace and quiet becomes too dif cult , many children will grow up without the experience and i think its a very big problem , he said .
other scientists reported health bene ts from listening to natural sounds .
speaking at the same meeting , derrick taff , a social scientist at pennsylvania state university , said that listening to recordings from national parks , of waterfalls , birdsong and wind , helped people feel less stressed .
this idea comes from common sense and experience , he told the guardian .
some ask for help in nding work here .
others have tried everything and , now , they want to go and gain work experience abroad ; life experience , too .
unemployment was at 17.7 % in the second quarter of 2014 , according to italys national institute of statistics .
the idea of helping people to leave is sensitive at a time when many italians many of them clever young graduates are leaving their country every year .
more importantly , he wants the scheme to help the people most in need .
there is little work here , said alessandro macis .
said consuelo melis , who works in a local cafe .
but piscedda says , the work i can create , as mayor , is temporary .
it is so rare to see a wolf that seeing droppings makes it a good day .
the wolf , the brown bear , the lynx and the wolverine are europes last large predator carnivores .
the average territory of a polish pack is 250 square kilometres , said mys _ ajek .
he is fascinated by these animals , who remained in the wild 33,000 years ago when other types of dog decided on a much more comfortable life as pets .
mys _ ajek says only the need to save forests and control the wild animal population can save europes wild carnivores , especially the unpopular wolf .
the ban on wolf hunting in the western carpathian mountains became law in 1995 and in the whole of poland in 1998 .
there are now wolf packs in nearly all the countrys major forests where the wolves exist together with humans .
the polish government pays compensation to farmers when a wolf kills their farm animals .
big road projects began after poland joined the european union in 2004 and they now have to consider wild animals .
packs go into neighbouring countries russia , lithuania , belarus , ukraine and slovakia where there is still hunting .
there are 120,000 hunters in poland and they have a lot of in uence .
you cant say to the politicians that wolves are a big tourist attraction .
it is the rst study to show clear differences between organic and regular fruits , vegetables and cereals .
tom sanders , a professor of nutrition at kings college london , said the research showed some differences .
he also said that research showed organic cereals have less protein than regular crops .
the results of the research are based on an analysis of 343 studies from around the world more than ever before which examine differences between organic and regular fruit , vegetables and cereals .
leifert and his colleagues conclude that many antioxidants reduce the risk of serious diseases , including diseases of the heart and certain cancers .
the researchers also found much higher levels of cadmium , a toxic metal , in regular crops .
another criticism of the research is that the differences it found may be the result of different climates , different types of soil and different types of crops ; they may not be the result of organic farming .
the most recent major analysis , which included 223 studies in 2012 , found little evidence of health bene ts .
browning said : this research supports what people think about organic food .
in other countries , there is much more support and acceptance of the bene ts of organic food and farming .
the canoe is our island , the crew is the community and the navigator is the leader , he says .
on a canoe , you are not just going from one place to another using the stars , the moon , the sun and the birds .
it has been a busy week for the crews of four sailing canoes they are in sydney for the start of the world parks congress .
the islanders sailed to samoa , then fiji , vanuatu and onto the gold coast .
around 100 crew were involved in the voyage and they tried to travel using only traditional navigation techniques .
the main aim of the 11,000km trip was to deliver a special message to the world parks congress .
our coral reefs , the greatest in the world , and our shing grounds are disappearing .
the paci c islanders message to the delegates of the congress was urgent .
its a huge reward for all the effort that we made to be here .
and climate change is already having a serious effect on paci c islanders .
angry waiters are asking people to support their battle to keep their tips .
some employees are very angry because pizzaexpress keeps , as an admin fee , 8p out of every 1 paid when tips are given by card .
we are starting with pizzaexpress but they are not the only company who do this .
i work hard and am good at my job but , when pizzaexpress thinks it can take a percentage of our tips , i get upset .
frankie &amp; bennys , chiquitos and garfunkels used to take 10 % but stopped years ago .
the scientist who led the research said that , if emissions of greenhouse gases are not reduced , the planet will be at least 4c warmer by 2100 .
professor steven sherwood , at the university of new south wales in australia , who led the research , said that their work was new in two ways .
first , it found what controls the cloud changes and , second , it did not accept the lowest estimates of future global warming ; it believed the higher , more damaging estimates .
for example , it would make life difficult , if not impossible , in much of the tropics and it would guarantee the eventual melting of the greenland ice sheet and some of the antarctic ice sheet .
the research helps to show how much warming is caused by rises in carbon emissions , say scientists who have commented on the study , published in the journal nature .
when water evaporates from the oceans , the vapour can rise over nine miles to form rain clouds that reflect sunlight ; or , it may rise just a few miles and fall slowly back down without forming clouds .
in reality , both things happen and climate models that include the second possibility predict much higher future temperatures than the models that only include the nine-mile-high clouds .
climate sceptics like to criticize climate models because they are sometimes wrong , and we know that they are not perfect , said sherwood .
but we are finding that the mistakes are being made by the models that predict less warming , not the models that predict more warming .
the worlds average air temperatures have increased quite slowly since a high point in 1998 , which the ocean phenomenon el nino caused .
but , greenhouse gases are trapping more and more heat and over 90 % disappears into the oceans .
he added that a 4c rise in the worlds average temperatures would have a serious effect on the world and the economies of many countries if we do not reduce emissions .
the report by the chronic poverty advisory network says that many people may rise above the poverty line of $ 1.25 a day , but fall back again when they have problems such as drought or illness and insecurity or con ict .
individual examples show how easy it is for people to fall back into poverty .
his income has fallen slowly , because of his illness and his wifes illness , the cost of his sons marriage , the death of his father and loss of goods such as shing nets .
lovemore , from zimbabwe , is now one of the poorest people in his village .
he recently lost his job because of ill health and has to look after his ve grandchildren after the death of his daughters .
governments have been quite good at moving people over the poverty line because that is quite easy .
the report says progress on poverty reduction has helped people who were already closer to the poverty line , but has helped the chronically poor much less .
it will not be possible to get to zero poverty if development policies dont focus on the chronically poor , it adds .
the second is education , from early childhood to the start of work , so people can escape and stay out of poverty .
now singerer , a childminder , has joined female , a group of female drinkers in gothenburg , to make and sell beer .
she talked to female and they joined ocean , a local independent micro-brewery .
one weekend they created the recipe ; the next weekend they brewed 1,600 litres .
this beer is not aimed at women , says thomas bingebo , the head brewer at ocean .
from all across rwanda , and even from burundi , people are coming to the southern town of butare to a little shop called inzozi nziza ( sweet dreams ) .
they come for a taste of something new , something most of them have never tasted before sweet , cold ice cream .
here , at the central african countrys rst ice-cream shop , customers can buy ice cream in sweet cream , passion fruit , strawberry and pineapple avours .
the shop , which has ice cream , coffee , dreams written on its signs , is taking advantage of local peoples curiosity about ice cream and the shop is also changing lives , says inzozi nzizas manager , louise ingabire .
ice cream is important , she says between mouthfuls of honey- avoured ice cream .
inzozi nziza has become a meeting place for students who want to treat themselves to something cool and different .
the shop is uniting people here , kalisa migendo , a 24-year-old student , says .
inzozi nziza was opened by odile gakire katese .
some are survivors of the 1994 genocide , when almost a million tutsis and hutus were killed .
the ice-cream shop is in a documentary by lm-makers rob and lisa fruchtman .
the lm has been shown in many countries , including the us , uk and several african states .
we feel the lm is about hope , bravery and the ability to change your life , says lisa fruchtman .
if we do not look after them , we will lose our natural navigation abilities because we rely on technology more and more , he wrote .
he says we need better research into systems for navigation .
schools should teach navigation and map reading , he wrote .
we studied a group of current london taxi drivers and a group of retired london taxi drivers , said dr hugo spiers of university college london , who is an author of the study .
the results showed that the retired taxi drivers did worse on navigation tests than the current drivers .
one of the deaths caused by satnavs ( satellite navigation ) was of a driver who , in 2010 , drove into a lake in spain .
the way we use navigation technology also has an impact on our own abilities , says spiers .
when you use digital maps , you have to think hard about where you are going , he said .
mckinlay believes there have to be big improvements in navigation technologies before we can have futuristic things like driverless cars and smart cities .
mckinlay believes humans must still able to take control of their navigation .
la premiere chose quon regarde ( the first thing we look at ) by gregoire delacourt is the story of a french model who looks so similar to the american actor that the books main male character thinks she is johansson .
in the novel , the models beauty means that men see her only as a sex object and women are jealous of her .
she has many adventures as johansson and , in the end , dies in a car crash .
her lawyer , vincent toledano , told le figaro that delacourts novel illegally used ms johanssons name .
delacourt is one of frances best-loved authors ; his last novel , my list of desires , was translated into 47 languages and they are making a lm of it .
i wrote a real love story about womens beauty , especially interior beauty .
it is very surprising because the novel is not even about scarlett johansson .
i thought she might send me owers because the book was a declaration of love for her , but she didnt understand , delacourt said .
do you want your child to be good at sport , play for the school team and , maybe one day , even be in international competitions ?
dr gavin sandercock of essex university and his colleagues found that children born in the autumn had a clear physical advantage over their classmates .
all were tested between 2007 and 2010 on three different things : stamina , handgrip strength and lower-body power .
the results showed that a childs month of birth could make big differences to their levels of tness , muscle strength and ability to accelerate , all of which predict how good someone is at sport .
children born in october were almost as t they scored highest for strength and came third for power , with december children close behind .
this is a huge physical advantage , said sandercock .
these gaps could decide who became a top-level athlete because selection into elite sports may often depend on very small differences in a persons physical performance .
the ndings seem to show that children born in the early months of the school year enjoy a double autumn advantage we already know that they have an academic advantage and , now , they also seem to be better at sport , too .
children that get a high-quality rst experience will have greater agility , balance and coordination , and are more likely to develop an enjoyment of physical activity and be good at sport as they grow up , he said .
uk sport could not say if a majority of the 1,300 athletes it gives money to were born in november and october .
as soon as the children at a primary school in stirling , scotland , hear the words daily mile , they leave the classroom and start running around the school eld .
the daily mile has done a lot to improve these childrens tness , behaviour and concentration in lessons so many other british schools are doing the same .
their children also get up from their desks and take 15 minutes to walk or run round the school or local park .
the thought of children across the country running every day because of something weve done is amazing .
just in stirling , 30 schools have already started or are going to start the daily mile .
at st ninians , teachers take their pupils out of lessons to the schools playing eld for their daily mile at a time that suits that days timetable .
researchers from stirling university have begun a study to look for evidence of the physical , cognitive and emotional bene ts of the daily mile .
they will compare st ninians pupils with children from another school in stirling where children havent started running yet .
his school is now building a running track .
we know sitting still kills ; not sitting still helps children build skills that will help them for the rest of their lives .
a subway system has billions of inhabitants : the bacteria of swiss cheese and kimchi , plague and human skin .
now , for the rst time , scientists have started to study the bacteria in a citys subway and they have found many interesting results .
his team found meningitis at times square , a trace of anthrax on a train carriage and bacteria that cause plague on a rubbish bin and ticket machine at stations in uptown manhattan .
he also said that they found many bacteria that are helpful , like the bacteria used for making cheese .
all around the subway , there were bacteria from cheeses brie , cheddar , parmesan and the mozzarella found on new york pizza .
the bacteria of swiss cheese were found in midtown manhattan and the nancial district , and the bacteria used to make kimchi and sauerkraut showed up in the nancial district and bay ridge .
bacteria that cause diarrhoea and nausea , as well as e.coli , and the bacteria that can cause skin infections and urinary-tract infections were common all over the city .
many ndings made sense : stations like grand central and times square , where there are more people , had more bacteria .
in his speech , cameron said that there would be constitutional reforms , including in scotland , but not until after the general election .
we have heard the voice of scotland and , now , we must hear the millions of voices of england , he said .
theyve not been a part of this for the last 18 years .
the prime minister wants to move fast to show that the three main uk party leaders will keep the promises they made during the referendum campaign .
seaworld has been in the news since the 2013 documentary lm black sh , which said that seaworld mistreated orca whales this made the whales act violently and caused the deaths of three people .
animal rights organizations say that orcas kept in tanks die at a younger age than wild whales .
seaworld started a national marketing campaign to show this isnt true .
we realize we have much work to do , manby said .
talking about the companys reputation , he said , early feedback on our marketing campaign has been positive .
there are already plans for a new shark exhibition in orlando and an attraction in san antonio that will allow customers to swim with dolphins .
stratford was important to shakespeare all his life , says paul edmondson , the head of learning and research at the shakespeare birthplace trust .
people often think shakespeare left stratford and his family , went to london to earn his fortune and only came back to die , he said .
but stratford is where he bought land and houses , where he kept his library , where he lived and read and thought .
the anniversary of the death of the man from stratford , the most famous and the most performed playwright in the world , will be celebrated across britain and the world .
there will be performances of macbeth in singapore and romeo and juliet in brussels .
during the tour , it has taken hamlet to every country except north korea .
in london , they are also creating a 37-screen pop-up cinema , one screen to show each of shakespeares plays .
the national theatre , the royal shakespeare company and almost every other theatre production company in the country will celebrate the anniversary .
there will also be hundreds of lectures , international conferences , lms , concerts , operas and major exhibitions .
shakespeare was famous in his own lifetime but there is little documentary evidence about shakespeares life and times .
the actor mark rylance has called the first folio his favourite book in the world and most of the surviving first folios will be on display including those that belong to the british and bodleian libraries , and a copy recently discovered in france .
the general public and many academics have underestimated the importance of stratford to shakespeare .
noise from ships may disturb animals such as killer whales and dolphins much more than we thought before .
hearing a salmons click is probably one of the most dif cult things a killer whale does .
it is harder to hear that click if theres a lot of noise around you .
the researchers used underwater microphones to measure the noise made by about 1,600 ships as they passed through haro strait , in washington state , usa .
the two-year study recorded the sound made by 12 different types of ship , including cruise ships , container ships and military ships , that passed through the strait about 20 times a day .
some ships are quieter than others but the average noise next to all the ships was 173 underwater decibels , the same as 111 decibels through the air about the sound of a loud rock concert .
whales are not usually right next to ships and so would hear noise of about 60 to 90 decibels around the level of a vacuum cleaner .
veirs said scientists already knew about the effect of underwater noise on large whales .
but , the new research shows the danger to smaller whales , dolphins and porpoises .
most noise is at that low frequency but there is more background noise in the high frequencies , too .
reducing speed by six knots could decrease noise by half .
the us has recently protected nearly 40,000 square miles of the atlantic to save a species of whale with just 500 individuals left .
in europe , killer whales have dangerously high levels of illegal chemicals in their blubber .
a quarter of women also pressed the shock button .
the report from psychologists at virginia and harvard universities looks at the question of why most of us nd it so hard to do nothing .
the only rules were that they had to stay sitting and not fall asleep .
most of them did not enjoy the experience .
but , there was an even more surprising result .
to check if people might prefer something bad to nothing at all , the students had the possibility of giving themselves a mild electric shock .
but 12 of 18 men gave themselves electric shocks and six of 24 women gave themselves electric shocks .
they said that being alone with their thoughts was so hard for many participants that they gave themselves an electric shock , something the participants had said they would pay not to get .
jessica andrews-hanna at the university of colorado said many students would probably give themselves an electric shock to make a boring lecture more exciting .
but , she says we need to know more about wilsons study .
as they sit there , their mind starts to wander and naturally they think about that shock was it really that bad ?
when you enter a department store , cameras are watching you .
if you pick something up , a camera will make sure you dont put it into your bag .
but new technology is less focused on shoplifting and more interested in your age , gender and shopping habits .
a few months ago , it company computer sciences corporation ( csc ) wrote a report that said around 30 % of stores use facial recognition technology to track customers in shops .
joe jensen , who works for intel , says that the aim of using realsense technology in shops is not to get information about speci c peoples lives but to understand , in general , peoples lifestyles and shopping habits .
we need to know what characteristics this shopper has and that , when those characteristics are present , this is what a person usually does .
if it sounds familiar , its because the internet has been using techniques like these for years .
if you search for something on amazon , youll get ads for similar products on other sites .
people do not react to cameras in the same way as they do to cookies on websites .
people use the word creepy a lot during discussions of tracking in stores .
we allow this to happen online so why not in shops ?
in the csc report , a survey showed that 72 % of people aged 55 or more said they were very uncomfortable with these types of technologies in real shops .
the arrival of broadband in the year 2000 has created a generation of digital natives , ofcom ( which checks standards in the uk communications industries ) says in its report .
these children , who were born in the new millennium , are learning how to use smartphones and tablets before they can talk .
the biggest change is in time spent talking on the phone .
but , now , for children aged 12 to 15 , phone calls make up just 3 % of time spent communicating through any device .
for all adults , this rises to 20 % and , for young adults , it is 9 % .
over 90 % of the time they spend using devices is spent sending messages : chatting on social networks like facebook , sending instant messages through services like whatsapp or even sending traditional mobile-phone text messages .
when they are not using their phones , 12- to 15-year-olds have a very different relationship with other media , too .
they spend 20 % of their time watching short video clips , for example on youtube , or news clips on facebook and other social sites .
the rest of their viewing time is spent watching dvds , streamed content through net ix or itunes and recorded television programmes .
enric duran gave the money to projects that created and supported alternatives to capitalism .
im proud of what ive done , he said in an interview by skype from a secret location .
from 2006 to 2008 , duran took out 68 loans from 39 banks in spain .
they used the money to pay for speaking tours against capitalism and tv cameras for a media network .
he spent two months in prison ; then , they let him out on 50,000 bail .
in todays spain , thousands of people support the anti-capitalist movement and groups such as the indignados .
many of britains most loved migratory birds rest here every year on their migrations from africa .
in 1998 , almost two billion gallons of toxic water , full of acid and waste metals , poured into the park from the los frailes mine 45km away .
it was spains worst environmental disaster and the clean-up cost 90 million .
sand and soil washed from nearby farms is also blocking the channels that cross the park .
donana already faces a lot of threats but now they want to bring back the cause of the disaster 16 years ago .
people have mined metals here since roman times .
fernandez said that the mine licence would only allow modern mining techniques , which do not create poisonous wet waste .
they will use the best technology in the world here , fernandez said .
carlos davila , who works for the spanish ornithological society in donana , was also alarmed at the idea .
this is not surprising for this is a truly special place .
a long time ago , cinema audiences were taken to a galaxy far , far away .
fans around the world are always waiting for new poster art , new trailers and other information , said paul dergarabedian , senior media analyst .
the latest star wars mania started after disney bought lucas lm from star wars creator , george lucas , in 2012 .
it is a story about han solo , the character played by harrison ford in the rst three lms .
before that , they will release episode vii in december 2015 , directed by jj abrams and called star wars : the force awakens .
episode viii will come out in 2017 and a spin-off called rogue one will arrive in cinemas in 2016 .
this new lm goes back to han solo and luke skywalker so it will reconnect with the rst star wars lm .
we do not yet live in an age of ying cars , as predicted in the 1985 lm back to the future ii , but smartphones and other new technologies are creating exciting possibilities .
big us cities like los angeles and chicago are adding more bus lanes and pedestrian walkways , and expanding rail networks .
at the same time , they are creating advanced technologies that will allow a vehicle to drive itself and communicate with other vehicles and its environment .
communication between riders and drivers , between different vehicles and between cars and infrastructure is bringing transportation into a new era .
according to the study , people born in the 1990s are making 4 % fewer car trips and travelling 18 % fewer miles per year , on average , than older generations did at the same time in their lives .
and , people who still drive cars are experiencing less traf c thanks to waze .
at the moment , a traf c light knows when a car is getting close but thats all .
companies are developing technology that allows a vehicle to tell traf c control systems not only that it is present but also where it is going and how fast it is travelling .
automation we have known about driverless cars ever since google began testing the vehicles in 2012 but no-one really knows when driverless cars will become commonplace .
automation will probably happen in stages : rst , there might be automated buses with their own lanes , then perhaps lorries in ports or mining towns : vehicles that are connected electronically and travel one behind another .
but , it will take a long time to get fully automated because the average age of cars on the road is 11.5 years old .
to see what driverless cars might look like on the road , go to the video at : vimeo.com / 37751380 .
the mesolithic man , who lived in spain about 7,000 years ago , had an unusual mix of blue eyes , black or brown hair and dark skin .
the invention of farming brought humans and animals much closer and humans probably developed stronger immune systems to fight infections from the animals .
some of these genes still exist in modern europeans today .
the spanish team started their work after a group of cave explorers found two skeletons in a deep cave high up in the cantabrian mountains of northwest spain in 2006 .
carbon dating showed the skeletons are around 7,000 years old , from the time before farming arrived in europe from the middle east .
other things were found in the cave , including reindeer teeth that were hung from the peoples clothing .
when lalueza-fox looked at it , he found that the man had genes for dark skin .
this guy was darker than any modern european , but we dont know how dark , the scientist said .
the results suggest that blue eyes came first in europe and that the change to lighter skin happened later in mesolithic times .
you see a lot of pictures of these people hunting and gathering and they look like modern europeans with light skin .
you never see a picture of a mesolithic hunter-gatherer with dark skin and blue eyes , lalueza-fox said .
the spanish team compared the hunter-gatherer to modern europeans from different regions to see how they might be related .
two mothers in south africa have found out that they are raising each others daughters after someone switched them at birth by mistake in a hospital in 2010 .
in 2013 , one of the mothers , who is 33 and unemployed , wanted her ex-partner to pay maintenance for her daughter .
the man said he was not the father .
they found that it was not his baby and not her baby .
the woman became unhappy and asked the childrens court to give her custody of her biological child , but the other mother refused .
the high court in pretoria has asked the university of pretorias centre for child law to find out what will be best for the children .
strydom added : whatever happens , someone wont be happy .
karabo ngidi , a lawyer with the centre , said : we must do what is best for the children .
in 1995 , two mothers were paid damages after their sons , born in 1989 , were switched by mistake at the johannesburg hospital where they were born .
there are many quirky solutions to help make our cities better places to live , such as glow-in-the-dark trees , underground bike sheds and solar-powered bins .
you need an empty car park , a small amount of money and a plant or two , and you can make your own private park .
an engineering company in tokyo has a solution : an underground bicycle park .
glow-in-the-dark trees when most people think of trees that glow in the dark , they usually think of christmas trees .
the technology joins dna from glowing marine bacteria with a plant to create a glow like a jelly sh .
the oor has tiles that capture the energy from pedestrians footsteps and turn it into electricity .
tourist numbers have reduced by 80 % this year , said mayor maria kakali , in an of ce in the village where she grew up .
but there is an even bigger crisis ahead the government has said it will end a tax break for islands .
if we have to pay a tax of 23 % , we will all die on the island , says kakali .
food and fuel are already more expensive than on mainland greece .
even in summer , the island has only three shops , two restaurants and not one of cial hotel .
lemnos has wild beaches , where you can swim and sunbathe almost alone , a small nightlife scene and many cultural sites .
it has just over 3,000 beds for visitors rhodes , for example , has tens of thousands of beds .
the government doesnt pay much attention to the islands of the north aegean , she said , so i would take all the kids from our school to the gates of parliament , to tell them : there is still life in these islands .
the age of the big british summer music festival , including glastonbury , is ending , according to the top rock manager harvey goldsmith .
he has produced and worked with most of the western worlds biggest music stars , including the who , the rolling stones , queen , madonna , bob dylan and luciano pavarotti .
the age of the music festival peaked about two years ago , he said , speaking at the hay festival of literature and arts in wales .
that is a big , big problem for us .
and we are not producing new bands that can headline like the rolling stones , muse , even the arctic monkeys .
there were about 900 music festivals in the uk between may and september in 2014 , he said , and they cannot all continue .
he also gave the answer to a rock n roll mystery : why elvis presley never performed outside north america .
he didnt want to risk leaving the us , said goldsmith .
freddie mercury was our most powerful stage performer , the best live performer weve ever had .
were not producing a new generation of this kind of band .
&quot; so , with no big bands to headline , there are no big shows .
there are only two other northern white rhinos in the world , both in zoos , both female .
the poachers kill rhinos and cut off their horns to sell them for medicine .
sudan has had his horn cut off to stop the poachers but he is still in danger .
his eye is a sad black dot in his big face as he walks around the reserve with his guards .
it is a majestic rectangle of strong bone , a head of pure strength .
how terrible that such a powerful head can be so vulnerable .
in 1515 , the ruler of gujarat in india sent a live indian rhinoceros to the king of portugal .
the king sent it to the pope but the ship sank and it died .
but the same people who painted such sensitive pictures of ice age rhinos helped to kill them all .
the northern white rhino is the rarest kind of african rhino .
the vulnerable northern white rhino has nearly been hunted to extinction in spite of the guards and their guns .
but , when he looked at the photos later , they were brown and murky .
the prototype of his invention looks like a combination of a scuba mouthpiece and a water bottle .
i wanted to let people to do more not just get underwater and spend 30 seconds holding their breath , says redmond , 27 .
in 2006 , the irish designer completed a scuba-diving course and loved the feeling of being able to breathe underwater and watch sh in their natural environment .
the real problem is that scuba diving limits what you can do .
it allows you to stay underwater for longer but it takes a lot of planning .
you have 20kg to 50kg of gear with you you cant just walk on the beach and decide you want to go in .
it was during a nal-year project for his degree that redmond produced the express dive .
redmond says the mouthpiece feels similar to a snorkel .
they have tested the prototype in parts .
the typical swimmer can hold their breath for about 40 seconds while underwater .
but she loves the way social media connects the world in a unique way .
i wonder what it would be like if i didnt spend this time here and spent it doing something else .
mathias had facebook and twitter accounts for years but deleted them in november 2012 .
he spends his spare moments at work reading news articles and books .
and with no friends to follow online , he has to pick up the phone and call them , something he now enjoys .
lauren raskauskas , 22 , naples , florida raskauskas describes herself as a private person .
she has deleted her twitter account and deleted her facebook account two years ago when she realized that she didnt like everyone knowing what i was doing .
one time , i broke up with somebody while i was on facebook and i thought oh my gosh , should i change my pro le photo ?
and this time i dont have to worry about that , she said .
hariharan rajagopalan , 18 , boston , massachusetts rajagopalan , a student at boston college , doesnt see a problem with not using social media .
he says that he hasnt seen any effect at this point .
his classmates post about parties and events on facebook but they send him a text message , too , he said .
he learnt the guitar from a family friend and learnt to sing with a quartet of gospel singers .
he was known as the beale street blues boy but this was shortened to blues boy king and then to bb .
he often praised the musicians who in uenced him and he usually mentioned t-bone walker rst .
he also mentioned the earlier blues guitarists blind lemon jefferson and lonnie johnson and the jazz players charlie christian and django reinhardt .
he once explained that his guitar technique was partly the result of his lack of skill : i started to bend notes because i could never play in the bottleneck style .
about a year and a half ago , he said in 1969 , kids suddenly started saying to me , youre the greatest blues guitarist in the world .
the number of people who use e-cigarettes while continuing to smoke is going down , west said .
experts believe that vaping will probably not become fashionable with young non-smokers .
but e-cigarettes seem to be most popular with adults who want to quit .
our customers are still very happy with the product and technology is improving their experience and helping them to switch from traditional cigarettes .
e-cigarettes are like a sort of nicotine patch , west agreed .
they are more popular than nicotine patches but we do not know if they are more effective .
some local authorities and organizations treat e-cigarettes like cigarettes they ban them in public places and outdoors , he said .
vienna is the worlds best city to live in , baghdad is the worst and london , paris and new york are not in the top 35 , says an international study on quality of life .
german-speaking cities do well in the 18th mercer quality of life study , with vienna , zurich , munich , dusseldorf and frankfurt in the top seven .
i live in a 100 square-metre apartment in a good area about 20 minutes walk from the city centre .
we also have terri c public transport the underground trains run 24 hours at weekends and it only costs 1 per trip .
the fall of the berlin wall helped make vienna a centre for companies who want to do business in central europe .
its a very young and lively city , she added .
a new government report asked workers , employers and customers what they thought about tipping .
the report said that some waiters are made to pay a 15 % administration fee on tips that customers pay by credit or debit card .
we asked waiters around the uk what they think of tipping , including how much money they get from tips and if its fair .
rodri , 37 , london : around 50 % of a waiters income is tips average tips : 60 per eight-hour shift i think they treat waiters best in ... the us everything has got fairer since the tipping scandal in the summer of 2015 .
but you still hear horror stories from new employees at some chains .
i get about 60 in tips per shift .
on a good night , this goes up to over 100 and , on a poor night , its around 40 .
elle , 22 , edinburgh : we never know whether its fair average tips : 20 per eight-hour shift i think they treat waiters best in ... france i have three part-time jobs .
my day job is in a cafe where the staff work both in the cafe and in the kitchen so all our tips go in a pot and we all get the same .
my evening job is at a restaurant where we dont get our tips but we get the minimum wage plus an extra 2.50 per hour .
in restaurants , because a lot of customers add tips by card , the staff never see how much the tip is so we dont know if what we get is fair or not .
the system seems better in france , where they dont tip much but being a waiter is seen as a proper job with job security and good wages .
it is very unfair that our tips are shared out , especially when one member of the team doesnt work hard enough .
its really unfair that money from our tips is taken for breakages by customers .
i really need tips because i am only paid 7 an hour .
id prefer to get a good basic wage ( like in australia ) and not have to rely on tips .
sometimes , waiters need a good night to be able to pay their rent .
they have got tipping right in italy , where customers dont add a big tip but usually round up their bill so , if their meal is 19 , they leave a 20 note and dont ask for change .
in ten years , the social network has changed peoples relationships , privacy , their businesses , news media , helped to end unfair governments and even changed the meaning of common words .
a more open and connected world is a better world , wrote zuckerberg .
the meanings of the words share and like are the same but facebook has made the words more important to us .
you wont be surprised if you see an ex in the street with a new girlfriend or boyfriend : you already know theyre with someone else because youve seen the romantic sel es .
in real life , some friends are more important than others but , on facebook , all friends have the same importance .
a classmate from university who you havent seen for 15 years , a friend-of-a-friend from a party or a colleague youve never spoken to they are all facebook friends in the same way as your best friend , or your husband or wife , or your mum .
it doesnt mean we see them the same way .
professor robin dunbar is famous for his research that says a person can only have about 150 people in their social group .
but dunbar says he fears it is so easy to end friendships on facebook that , one day , people may not need to learn to get on with each other .
ninety-one per cent post a photo of themselves , 71 % post the city or town where they live , more than half give email addresses and a fth give their phone number .
but most young users limit who can see their pro les 60 % allow friends only .
suddenly , customers dont simply complain on the phone or on a small internet forum angry customers can post their complaints for hundreds of their friends to see or even on the companys own page .
4 facebook has been the tool to organize revolutions organizing demonstrations has been revolutionized by facebook .
5 facebook makes news , breaks news and decides what is news about 71 % of 18- to 24-year-olds and 63 % of all users say they get news from the internet .
most people will rst read an item of news on facebook or other social media , mostly on mobiles .
6 users are changing facebook it started as a site for students of top us universities .
in 2014 , ten years after facebook started , 56 % of internet users aged 65 and older have a facebook account .
and 39 % are connected to people they have never met .
david kirkpatrick , author of the facebook effect , said that we need to get used to it .
if we reduced the amount of food we wasted around the world by just 25 % , there would be enough food to feed all the hungry people in the world .
food waste is happening in countries where people have more money , so they can throw away food .
but there is a lot of food loss in developing countries because of the poor conditions they have .
this means that 11.7 % of all food people buy is wasted , which costs each family 700 a year .
the foods most often found in british bins are bread , vegetables , fruit and milk .
the most wasted food in the uk by weight is bread people throw away 414,000 tonnes ( 22.4 % ) of all the bread they buy .
by percentage , the most wasted food is lettuce and leafy salads people throw away 38 % ( 64,000 tonnes ) of all they buy .
the uk has improved in the past ten years , thanks to a campaign to reduce waste .
van otterdijk says the uk has been very successful in reducing food waste .
there is guilt that they are rich , he said .
there is the feeling that they have to hide that they are rich .
the media , she said , makes the rich feel like they need to hide or feel ashamed .
as a result , cockrell says , the rich hang out with other rich americans who understand them and their problems .
since the 2008 nancial crisis , the gap between the rich and the poor has grown and the situation has gotten worse for the wealthy , cockrell said .
if you are part of the 1 % , you still have problems .
money is not the only thing , he said .
is this the moment when streaming goes mainstream ?
according to the international federation of the phonographic industry ( ifpi ) , only 41 million subscribers used music streaming services around the world in 2014 .
apple , and the record industry , cannot afford to get rid of the download market yet so streaming and downloading will have to coexist under the apple brand .
most people like music but dont love it enough to pay $ 120 a year to listen to it .
even apple will nd it very dif cult to make people triple the money they spend on recorded music .
apple connect is somewhere in the middle of youtube , facebook and soundcloud .
it allows artists to post music , videos , photos and more to their pro le pages .
it was an easy decision for artists to give itunes the download exclusive on an album because most people download music using itunes .
one hundred years ago , venice one of the most beautiful and low-lying cities in the world used to ood about ten times a year .
now , its lowest point , piazza san marco ( only three feet above sea level ) oods approximately 100 times a year .
ho chi minh city in vietnam is also sinking by about 2cm a year but the situation in jakarta is much worse it is sinking 10 to 20cm every year .
in the past three decades , the city has sunk four metres .
there are three main problems in miami .
it is less than ten feet above sea level ; an increasing number of tropical storms are ooding the city ; and it is built on porous rock , which absorbs the rising seawater .
many cities are ghting a losing battle against nature but is it possible to choose the worlds most vulnerable city ?
one minute and 12 seconds .
at a swimming pool in bristol , she taught me some simple ways to help me hold my breath for longer while swimming underwater .
at least , it doesnt if youre doing it on land .
radiotherapy for breast cancer involves pointing radiation exactly at the tumour .
but doctors at university hospital birmingham have shown that , if patients are given air with extra oxygen before holding their breath , they can hold it for ve-and-a-half minutes .
when you breathe in , youre pulling the muscle of your diaphragm at so that the volume of your chest increases this pulls the air into your lungs .
so , its your diaphragm , the main muscle of breathing , that is in charge when you are holding your breath .
i want it next tuesday , he told a crowd of 11,000 people .
some people still hope that , eventually , even trumps supporters will get tired of his attacks on minorities .
one poll shows his support among republicans has reduced by 12 points although , at 31 % , he is still winning .
hes not a conservative , hes not a liberal he believes in himself , former presidential rival , bobby jindal , told the guardian .
among americans who say they are republicans , current polls say that he has 25-30 % of the vote .
this country is a big mess and he could be the man to help us .
in fact , he earned just 10 from the patent and has not made any money from it since .
i wanted to develop a cash machine and , to make this happen , i invented the pin &#91; personal identi cation number &#93; and a coded token . &quot;
at around the same time , shepherd-barron was developing a similar machine .
but , goodfellow registered the patent for his machine on 2 may , 1966 , 14 months before shepherd-barrons atm machine was rst used .
shepherd-barron received an of cial honour for his invention and goodfellow says : my one big regret is that i never said anything about it until john shepherd-barron received the honour in 2005 .
the good news for goodfellow is that people are beginning to recognize him for his invention .
in the section about great british inventions of the twentieth century , it says : in the 1960s , james goodfellow ( 1937- ) invented the automatic teller machine ( atm ) or cashpoint .
british people think the richest 1 % own 59 % of their countrys wealth , when they actually only own 23 % .
americans think that 33 % of their population are immigrants but it is really only 14 % .
for example , most countries overestimate how many people are not religious : in the 33 countries , people thought 37 % are not religious but the real number is actually just 18 % .
this is because we are thinking of how many people practise their religion , rather than how many people say they have a religion .
people are worried about these things and , because of this , they overestimate .
the worst case is saudi arabia , where people think only 28 % are overweight , when 71 % are .
in many ways , it is the differences between countries that are the most interesting and important aspects of the study .
thats 65 litres of clean , drinkable water that we ll with soap and wash down the drain each and every day sometimes more than once .
the importance of clean water is becoming harder and harder to ignore for example , there is another summer of drought in california .
shower less , put down the soap and let those lovely little bacteria ourish .
many of us know we dont get enough sleep but imagine if there was a simple solution : getting up later .
in a speech at the british science festival , dr paul kelley from oxford university said schools should stagger their starting times to work with the natural rhythms of their students .
this would improve exam results and students health ( lack of sleep can cause diabetes , depression , obesity and other health problems ) .
for the older teenagers , it might be better to start the school day at 11am or even later .
he says the solution is not to tell teenagers to go to bed earlier .
describing the average sleep loss per night for different age groups , he says : between 14 and 24 , people lose more than two hours .
for people aged between 24 and about 30 or 35 , they lose about an hour and a half .
kelley says that synchronized hours could have many positive effects .
the positive side is that peoples performance , mood and health will improve .
its very positive because its a solution that will make people less ill , and happier and better at what they do .
there would probably be fewer accidents because drivers would be more awake , he says .
and , yes , he says he nds the start of his working day much easier now than when he was younger .
but even short ights from a mobile landing place could cause serious problems , he said .
maybe there will be construction equipment that wasnt there but is there now .
maybe gps signals will be blocked so its going to have an incorrect idea about where it is .
one big problem is keeping radio contact with a drone and planning for what happens if that contact breaks .
if you have a vehicle that can go into a neighbourhood , it can deliver from that vehicle .
you need a 15-minute distance , and typical drones have about that distance .
the reaper drone , for example , has one failure in 10,000 hours , singh said .
part of the reason for this is simply that air travel is dangerous so standards are much higher .
part of the solution , singh said , is planning for every situation : if things fail , the drone has to do something sensible .
the food helps them get through the cold , dark long island winter .
the hamptons are historic , oceanfront towns and villages 100 miles from manhattan , new york .
theres a lot of wealth here but almost all of that wealth is in second homes only used in the summer , says cantwell , the son of a sherman father and a house-cleaner mother .
but , the rest of us live here all year .
there are famous and very wealthy people but also hard-working and poor people .
eddie vallone , 22 , says , people only see the hamptons as a rich town but there are a lot of problems here , especially drugs .
vallone says , i want to work but theres no work .
some danced , some took photos , some drank , but mostly they just walked and talked about football , waiting for the next game to begin on the big screen nearby .
the friendly , mostly peaceful mood was very different from the protests , transport chaos and stadium problems during the preparations for the world cup .
but , now that were here , its great , said brian hill , another england fan .
his sons sunglasses were stolen almost as soon as he sat on the beach .
but , like many fans , they said they loved the atmosphere of this tournament , which has had a spectacular start .
everyone enjoyed robin van persies extraordinary diving header for the netherlands against spain .
the stadiums were delivered late and in some cases not fully nished , but there have been no structural problems or dif culties entering the grounds .
fifa spokesman saint-clair milesi said that only 48,000 of the 51,900 seats were lled at the game between the netherlands and spain .
traf c was already bad but this week it is chaotic , said jecilda mello , a local person .
but , protests have happened less often since the opening day , when small demonstrations took place in several cities and police used pepper spray .
since then , the only security problem has been petty theft and overexcited fans .
the huge distances have created some very different world cup experiences .
mcdonalds is the worlds biggest burger chain and a symbol of american consumer capitalism .
but , these days , the golden arches of mcdonalds are not looking so golden .
in europe , sales fell by 4 % , mostly because of problems in ukraine and the anti-western mood in russia .
but the worst crisis is in the us , where mcdonalds has around 40 % of its restaurants .
another problem is that mcdonalds hamburgers were recently named the worst in america in a poll of more than 32,000 american diners they said they would rather eat a burger at five guys , smashburger or fuddruckers .
someone asked have you ever used pink slime in your burgers ?
but , since it introduced $ 2 items on its dollar menu , people think it is more expensive than its rivals and many consumers complain that service is slower .
prices have gone up but they havent gone up as quickly as the rest of the fast-food chains in the us .
mcdonalds has a bigger menu than some other restaurants , with more complicated items its chicken mcwrap takes 60 seconds to make .
only four out of mcdonalds 14,000 us restaurants have tested build your own burger , he said .
thousands of people protested on australias beaches against a shark cull in western australia .
catching and killing sharks longer than three metres began after a number of shark attacks on western australias coast .
but the whole of australia has had , on average , just one shark-related death a year for the last 50 years .
kate faehrmann , of the sea shepherd conservation society , said , from a protest in perth , the state capital of western australia : weve always said that this idea wont work .
faehrmann said the protests showed that australians wanted sharks to be protected : whats amazing is that so many people in australia love sharks .
the state government will not say how many sharks they have killed , but some people say that sharks smaller than three metres were released after they were caught on drumlines , oating drums xed to the sea bed with bait on hooks underneath them .
conservationists say there is no evidence the cull will reduce the number of shark attacks on humans , because no other cull has only used drumlines .
researchers at the university of western australia say the increased number of shark attacks in the state may be because western australia has the fastest-growing population in australia , not because of a rising number of sharks .
richard peirce , of the uk-based conservation charity , the shark trust , said that the cull would not work and could bring more predators towards the coast .
the activity in western australia is adding to the human tragedy of shark attacks .
richard branson said the idea was not working .
all youre going to achieve , i think , is to worry people .
race engineer a race engineer takes information from the driver and gives it to the mechanics .
quali cations : a university degree , usually in automotive / mechanical engineering or motorsport technology .
to succeed as a race engineer , you need ... to be able to work under pressure .
ethical hacker typical salary : a newly quali ed hacker will usually have a minimum salary of 35,000 to 50,000 .
what the job involves : a company pays an ethical hacker to hack into its computer system to see how well it might ght a real attack .
quali cations : you dont need a degree in computer science .
the industry accepts people with a very wide range of quali cations and skills .
worst thing about the job : when you are testing the security of a new customers network and you nd that they have already been hacked .
to be able to dispose of the bombs safely , youll also need a special quali cation and years of experience .
to succeed as a bomb-disposal diver , you need ... to be calm in stressful situations .
you work alone under water , with zero visibility and , if you dont like living in small spaces with lots of other people , this job is not for you .
worst thing about the job : you will be away from home for at least six months of the year .
quali cations : usually , social engineers have a degree in it but an understanding of psychology is also useful .
you also need to have strong personal ethics and to understand the law .
pilots often have to y next to the power line , sometimes as little as 20 feet away and just 30 feet off the ground .
quali cations : you dont need any quali cations but you can do a special course .
more than one million british workers might be employed on zero-hours contracts .
dave prentis , of the trade union unison , said : the majority of workers are only on these contracts because they have no choice .
the charity national trust , which employs many of its seasonal workers on zero-hours contracts , said it gives the same pay and bene ts to workers on zero-hours contracts as to full-time staff .
politician chuka umunna said , while some employees welcome the exibility of zero-hours contracts , for many , zero-hours contracts leave them insecure and unsure of when work will come , he said .
the poll shows that 17 % of employers in the private sector use zero-hours contracts , lower than the 34 % of organizations in the voluntary sector and 24 % in the public sector .
