the seattle-based company has applied for its brand to be a top-level domain name ( currently .com ) , but the south american governments argue this would prevent the use of this internet address for environmental protection , the promotion of indigenous rights and other public interest uses .
allowing private companies to register geographical names as gtlds to strengthen their brand or to profit from the meaning of these names is not , in our view , in the public interest , the brazilian ministry of science and technology said .
argentina is unhappy that the us outdoor clothing retailer , patagonia , is claiming a domain name that has been known far longer as a region of spectacular beauty that also has its own parliament .
the first approved domain names will probably be in use before the end of 2013 .
we want everyone to be who he and she is whether they are gay and lesbian or resist violence and are then victims of harassment .
we as a society want to defend them .
according to boer , the villages are not for a problem neighbour who has the stereo too loud on saturday night but people who are extremely violent and intimidating and in a clear situation where a victim is being harassed again and again .
but boer insists that the government has learned from past mistakes and is not planning to house antisocial families together .
it would be more accurate to call them scum houses than scum villages , says boer , because we dont want to put more than one of these families in the same area .
the city government expects to move around ten families a year into this programme , which starts in 2013 .
they are taken care of so the whole situation is not going to repeat at the new house they are in , says boer .
she now has an album and a huge hit single , show das poderosas , which topped the charts and attracted 52 million youtube views .
this is a sensitive topic in this largely mixed-raced nation .
brazil one of the last big countries in the world to ban slavery has the largest population of african descent outside africa , but race and where your family come from are less important there than colour .
in brazilian cities , white workers earn roughly twice as much as those of african descent .
most business and government executives are white , while most menial jobs are done by black and mixed-race workers .
maycon de mattos batista , a financial analyst who worked with anitta while she was an intern , said there had been a huge change in anittas image , but not of her colour .
i dont believe its whitening ; its more the way they are producing her with makeup , hairstylists and the way she dresses , he said .
it has mapped the worlds highest peaks , the ocean floor , the amazon rainforest and even shown us a bit of north korea .
they have with them their warmest winter clothes , a stack of laptop computers and an 18kg telescopic camera that they can fix to their backpacks .
the team also walked along part of a 15km dead-end road known as the road to nowhere , despite warnings about the risk from polar bears and other wildlife .
putting the po box addresses on the map would mean the map would show all the companies , banks and schools in the same place , around the canada post building in the centre of town .
about 30 inuit elders , business people and high-school pupils came one night to help correct such problems .
arif sayani , the towns director of planning , said the town would be able to use the maps as a promotional tool for those thinking of visiting or moving to the area .
the controversial auction of a banksy mural that disappeared from the wall of a north london shop was dramatically stopped just moments before it was going to be sold .
i will be writing to the auction house to clarify what happened and what will happen next , but for now we are really pleased that a community campaign in london has had an impact in the us .
critics have accused the auction house of buying and selling stolen property but thut said that the seller , who he described as a well known collector , was the rightful owner and that the sale was legal .
a spokesperson for poundland said it had no idea who removed the 4ft x 5ft mural from the side of one of its shops in london .
banksy himself has not commented on the slave labour controversy , but he has previously condemned people who have tried to sell his artwork .
oxfam said the worlds poorest could be taken out of poverty several times over if the richest 100 billionaires would give away the money they made in 2012 .
without naming anyone , the charity argued that the $ 240bn made in 2012 by the richest 100 billionaires would be enough to end extreme poverty four times over .
the report found that the richest 1 % had increased their incomes by 60 % in the past 20 years .
in the uk , inequality is rapidly returning to levels not seen since the nineteenth century .
in the us , the share of national income going to the top 1 % has doubled since 1980 from 10 to 20 % , the report says .
members of the richest 1 % are estimated to cause as much as 10,000 times more pollution than the average us citizen .
oxfam said world leaders should learn from countries such as brazil , which has grown rapidly while reducing inequality .
back in 2005 , when blackberry brought instant messaging to the mobile phone , the company was just entering its boom times .
while the iphone was still just an idea , blackberrys innovations ensured its smartphone was one of canadas biggest exports .
the move to bring blackberry to the iphone is four or five years too late , says james gooderson , an 18-year-old student who blogs on technology .
photos uploaded to instagram get instant comments and snapchats pictures , which selfdelete after ten seconds , have opened a world of other possibilities .
its a much more complex , multifaceted environment , says benedict evans , a digital media specialist .
the low cost of buying and communicating on a blackberry is still an advantage .
bolivia has received a special exemption from the 1961 convention on narcotic drugs , which controls international drugs policy .
south american indians have chewed coca 3 leaves for centuries .
the leaves are said to provide energy and have medicinal qualities .
however , the uns international narcotics control 4 board ( incb ) , which checks implementation of global drug treaties , says that bolivia is threatening international drug controls .
it has now signed up to the convention again , but with an exemption so that its indigenous people can continue chewing coca leaves .
bolivias return could be blocked only if a third or more of the 184 countries that have signed up to the convention opposed its request .
the growing of coca leaves is legal and licensed in bolivia .
male bosses are paid bonuses double the size of those given to female colleagues in identical jobs .
this means that men get salary top-ups of 141,500 more than women over their working lives .
the figures , released by the chartered management institute ( cmi ) , reveal that men in uk management roles earned average bonuses of 6,442 in 2012 compared with 3,029 for women .
in the most senior roles , female directors received bonuses of 36,270 over the past 12 months , compared with 63,700 awarded to male directors .
we have signed up 120 companies to our think , act , report scheme , which encourages companies to improve the way they recruit , promote and pay women .
weve also looked at other pay gap causes , such as having to juggle work and family responsibilities .
the scheme has only attracted 120 supporters in nearly two years of existence .
at a far smaller rally in brasilia , demonstrators broke through police lines to enter the high-security area of the national congress .
in belo horizonte , police clashed with protesters who tried to get into a football stadium , which was hosting a confederations cup match between nigeria and tahiti .
in porto alegre , demonstrators set fire to a bus and , in curitiba , protesters tried to force their way into the office of the state governor .
since the dictatorship , brazilians never bothered to demonstrate like this .
but now brazil is once again in crisis , with a constant rise in prices , so people are finally reacting .
before saturdays opening match in brasilia , crowds of demonstrators were dispersed by riot police .
footage showed frightened japanese supporters rushing from the area holding their children , as they heard the sound of shots perhaps rubber bullets or tear gas .
president dilma rousseff believes peaceful protests are legitimate and proper for a democracy and that it is natural for young people to demonstrate .
health warnings that cover nearly two-thirds of cigarette packs and a ban on menthol cigarettes in the eu have come a step nearer after a vote in the european parliament .
however , we are disappointed with the decision not to regulate nicotine-containing products ( ncps ) , including e-cigarettes , as medicines .
smoking levels in england are at their lowest since records began 19.5 per cent but we are determined to further reduce rates of smoking and believe this important step will help .
the uk continues to believe that medicinal regulation of ncps is the best way to improve public health , said a spokesman for the medicines and healthcare products regulatory authority .
martin callanan , the conservative mep for north east england , said : forcing e-cigarettes off the shelves would have been totally crazy .
maria van der hoeven , executive director of the iea , said that coal consumption continues to grow each year and , if no changes are made , coal will catch oil within a decade .
coal is available in large amounts and found in most regions of the world , unlike conventional oil and gas , and can be cheaply extracted .
according to the iea , china and india will drive world coal use in the coming five years , with india likely to overtake the us as the worlds second biggest consumer .
she said : the us experience suggests that a more efficient gas market can reduce coal use , carbon dioxide emissions and consumers electricity bills .
illegal downloading is a kind of moral squalor and theft , as much as putting your hand in someones pocket and stealing their wallet is theft , says author philip pullman .
in an article for index on censorship , pullman , who is president of the society of authors , strongly defends copyright laws .
it is outrageous that anyone can steal an artists work and get away with it .
she writes : copyright closes the door on the many ways that people can share , build upon and remix each others work , possibilities that were unimaginable when those laws were made .
the magazines editor , rachael jolley , said : existing copyright laws dont work in the digital age and risk criminalizing consumers .
we need new models for how artists , writers and musicians earn a living from their work .
following the downing street meeting , cameron appointed the conservative mp mike weatherley to be his adviser on the subject .
but when british designer , patrick hunt , tried to get money from banks or venture capitalists to launch his invention , he hit a problem .
his campaign to get donations from the public was so popular that within 40 days he had raised 400,000 .
indiegogo does not offer shares but allows users to offer perks for different levels of investment people who helped to fund hunts light felt good about helping the less rich , but also got their own light .
for danae ringelmann , co-founder of indiegogo , the gravity light is a perfect example of how meritocratic crowdfunding can be and how it can test an entrepreneurs idea .
even ideas that dont get funding are worth testing , because you will have saved yourself a lot of time finding out it wasnt a good idea and getting smarter faster , she says .
international activity is up 41 % since december .
a british woman raised 100,000 to open a cat caf in london through the site .
called lady dinahs cat emporium , it is not open yet but is advertised as somewhere people can come in from the cold to a comfortable chair , a hot cup of tea , a book and a cat .
with her wall street background and the experience of helping 100,000 businesses and services raise money , ringelmann has useful advice for budding entrepreneurs .
on some sites , there was an option to click saying : id like kids someday , but you would read the persons profile and think : you will never have time !
he said it was difficult to know when to mention wanting kids when he met someone new .
and i just thought : you shouldnt be ashamed of this .
but we dont make them say how many children theyd like .
now , i hope , men and women who want to start a family but havent met the right person yet will have another option , says limal .
he says that this isnt just about baby farming : i want this to be about children and love .
my goal is to pair up people who really want a family and a partner and wholl stay together .
im a romantic at heart .
danes have no problem having children before marriage so things can move fast and , because the countrys so small , a jutlander can date a copenhagener without too much travel , limal said .
early on saturday morning , he reached the summit of nuptse , the first and lowest of the three main summits in the everest horseshoe that surrounds the glaciated valley called the western cwm .
that same day , he climbed up to the summit of everest itself , reaching the top in complete darkness early on sunday .
for the first time since the late 1990s , there were fixed ropes on all three mountains , he says .
ive asked cool to look forward and imagine what top climbers might be doing 60 years from now .
i hate to think , he says , but mentions the swiss climber , ueli steck , who fled the mountain in april after an argument with a crowd of sherpas at camp 2 .
moro flew back to everest on tuesday at the controls of a high-powered helicopter to rescue a climber at an altitude of 7,800 metres .
it was the highest rescue ever performed on everest and highlights the huge rise in helicopter flights in recent years .
theres less water for agriculture and less water for all the new lodges that are getting built .
every village is digging a pit just beyond the houses for garbage .
one group of moderately trained students did an hour of steady cardiovascular exercise on an exercise bike five times a week .
the other group did a ten-minute warm-up on the bike , followed by four minutes of tabata training , four times a week plus one 30-minute session of steady exercise with two minutes of tabata .
after six weeks of testing , the group following tabatas plan exercising for just 88 minutes a week had increased their anaerobic capacity by 28 % and their vo2 max , something that shows your cardiovascular health and maximal aerobic power , by 15 % .
all-out effort at 170 % of your vo2 max is the basis of the programme , says tabata .
the first three repetitions will feel easy but the last two will feel impossibly hard .
he adds that his programme burns an extra 150 calories in the 12 hours after exercise , even at rest .
so , although it is used by most people to get fit or by fit people to get even fitter it also burns fat .
i decided to do this because i often go on youtube and , while i am pleased that people are doing it , some are doing it wrong because they dont realize how hard they need to work , says tabata .
gym rats can benefit by doing three strength sessions and three tabatas a week .
facebook has lost millions of users per month in its biggest markets .
the problem is that , in the us and uk , most people who want to sign up for facebook have already done it , said new media specialist ian maude at enders analysis .
instagram , the photo-sharing site , got 30m new users in the 18 months before facebook bought the business .
the number of minutes americans spend on facebook appears to be falling , too .
the total was 121 billion minutes in december 2012 , but that fell to 115 billion minutes in february , according to comscore .
facebook founder mark zuckerberg has created a series of new initiatives designed to appeal to smartphone users .
one initiative , facebook home , is software that can be downloaded onto android phones to feed news and photos from friends and advertising directly to the owners locked home screen .
evidence that eyewitnesses give often leads to guilty verdicts , but later the convictions are overturned when dna or some other evidence is used .
susumu tonagawa , a neuroscientist at the massachusetts institute of technology ( mit ) , and his team wanted to study how these false memories might form in the human brain , so they encoded memories in the brains of mice by manipulating individual neurons .
at the same time , the researchers shone light into the mouse brains to activate their memories of the first box .
that way , the mice learned to associate fear of the electric shock with the memory of the first box .
a similar process may happen when powerful false memories are created in humans .
so , just like our mouse , it is quite possible we can associate what we happen to have in our mind with bad or good events .
he added : our study showed that the false memory and the genuine memory are based on very similar , almost identical , brain mechanisms .
chris french , of the university of london , is a leading researcher in false memories in people .
memory researchers have always recognized that memory does not work like a video camera , recording all the details of anything we experience .
he warned that the false memories created in the mice in the experiments were far simpler than the complex false memories that have caused controversy within psychology and psychiatry for example , false memories of childhood sexual abuse , abduction by aliens , or past lives .
can false memories be artificially created ?
what about false memories for more than just contexts false memories for objects , food or other mice ?
the manchester united manager , sir alex ferguson , will retire at the end of the season after 27 years as the most successful manager in british football .
without their contribution , the history of this great club would not be as rich .
what he has done for this club and for the game in general will never be forgotten .
he called us into his office and told us his decision .
not many exercise classes have a tea break halfway through .
after a gentle warm-up and a few quick exercises , the 93-year-old great-grandmother lets her group relax with a cup of tea and a quick rest .
the baby of the group is 60-year-old jean cunion , who is a bit embarrassed to admit that she is perhaps the least fit of the group .
ruth steere , 76 , says allen always knows whats going on , although her back is always to the class : she always shouts at us if we go wrong .
allen still plays the piano and gives speeches .
ageing is no fun , she admits , reading me a few lines from a poem she has written called that beast called age .
she happily remembers a doctor who saw her for the first time a few years ago , who said she couldnt possibly be more than 78 : i said , thank you , doctor .
whenever i hear someone saying , oh , i cant lose weight , i say : sellotape .
i said this just the other day to a big fat man .
earlier in 2013 , allen was watching the news and saw a woman being given the british empire medal .
there will be just enough water if the proportion of animal-based foods is limited to 5 % of total calories .
prices for items such as corn and wheat have risen nearly 50 % on international markets since june .
the price increase has been caused by severe droughts in the us and russia , and weak monsoon rains in asia .
more than 18 million people are already facing serious food shortages across the sahel .
food shortages in 2008 led to fighting and riots in 28 countries .
animal protein-rich food uses five to ten times more water than a vegetarian diet .
the report is being released at the start of the annual world water conference in stockholm , sweden , where 2,500 politicians , un groups , non-governmental groups and researchers from 120 countries meet to discuss global water supply problems .
overeating , malnourishment and waste are all increasing .
junior smart knows a lot about gangs .
the first night after i was arrested was the biggest wake-up call of my life , he says .
they work with the police , the probation service and other , voluntary organizations to help people who feel trapped and frightened in the violent criminal gangs of london .
smart started working as a prison listener a prisoner who helps new arrivals during their first days in prison .
it is a bit like a family .
it means that the arrest of the gang leaders has been nullified because it has not had a long-term effect .
can it actually make the streets more dangerous ?
if one gang knows that an elder &#91; leader &#93; has been arrested , then they suddenly think that gangs weak ... and so there are gang disputes .
i try to help a young person who has been earning 300 a week through illegal methods .
smart believes that everyone deserves a second chance .
but if the unesco world heritage site that crosses the equator is exploited for oil , as the congolese government and exploration firm soco international are hoping , it could lead to devastating pollution and permanent conflict in the region , says the wwf .
the security situation is already bad .
nobody knows which came first : the economic crisis in greece or shisha , the drug now known as the cocaine of the poor .
and it costs only 2 or less a hit .
it is the worst kind of drug .
it burns your insides , it makes you aggressive and makes you go totally mad , said maria , a former heroin addict .
the synthetic drug is frequently mixed with battery acid , engine oil and even shampoo .
since the financial crisis began in 2009 , kethea has lost 70 of its 500 staff .
on the streets of athens , where shisha is growing in popularity , there is a fear that austerity not only doesnt work it kills .
the panel found that the south yorkshire police , led by the chief constable , peter wright , told their story that drunken supporters or those without tickets had caused the disaster .
the victims blood was tested for alcohol levels .
the report found that wright met his police federation in a sheffield restaurant to prepare a defence and a rock-solid story .
it was the day that the sun newspaper published its headline the truth over lies told to it by four senior south yorkshire police officers .
this propaganda did not convince the original inquiry .
its chef , ren redzepi , says that ants taste like lemon , and a pure of fermented grasshoppers and moth larvae tastes like a strong fish sauce .
bee larvae make a sweet mayonnaise used instead of eggs and scientists are constantly finding new ways to use insects .
in march , a bbc documentary will show food writer stefan gates looking for and eating deep-fried locusts and barbecued spiders .
the increase will put more pressure on agricultural land , water , forests , fisheries and resources , as well as nutrients and energy supplies .
a study by foodservicewarehouse.com suggested that giving up pork and beef and eating crickets and locusts instead could help to reduce greenhouse gas emissions by up to 95 % .
the hotel groups president , hiroshi desaki , went on television to announce a 20 % pay cut for himself and 10 % for other executives but this did not make consumers any less angry .
days later , desaki resigned , saying that the hotel group had betrayed our customers .
the scandal started when a diner complained in a blogpost that a scallop dish he had ordered at the prince hotel in tokyo contained a similar , but cheaper , type of shellfish .
the hotel started an investigation and as a result corrected more than 50 menu items at dozens of its restaurants .
its report scared hankyu-hanshin and other hoteliers into admitting that they , too , had hoodwinked diners who believed they were paying high prices for top ingredients .
the hotel okura chain whose guests have included barack obama said they had also injected beef with fat to make it juicier and incorrectly described tomatoes as organic .
menu descriptions were created to meet consumers preferences , and , when they couldnt get the ingredients on the menu , hotels just used food from different places , hiroshi tomozawa , a hotel and restaurant consultant , told kyodo news .
theres already a website dedicated to people wearing them looking either ridiculous or smug or , more often , both .
search google images and one of the first hits is a picture of a large , naked man wearing them in the shower .
glass has a range of uses you can surf the internet , read emails , take photographs but telepathy will be more of a communication device .
when he was growing up , japanese technology ruled the world : the sony walkman was the iphone of its day .
now , to compete , hes had to leave tokyo and go to silicon valley .
there is not any way to expand .
whereas , in silicon valley , everyone is from everywhere .
the top manufacturers all want to work with him , he says , because they have the technology , they just struggle to sell it .
the house owner was not my friend but i talked with him for three hours , and now he is my friend .
if you are getting info from the cloud and social networks , that will happen more easily .
as a student , he explains , he studied philosophy by day and taught himself how to code by night .
how quickly things change .
in 2002 , only just over 27,000 tourists dared to visit the kashmir valley .
today , unfortunately , as a result of that travel advice , peoples insurance isnt valid when they visit here .
germany relaxed its guidelines for travellers to the region in 2011 .
there was a national holiday on 15 august to celebrate 65 years of indian independence in the past , a day fraught with danger in a state where many do not feel part of india .
but there was no trouble at the independence celebrations .
in other words , do not go trekking near the border that separates the indian and pakistani controlled parts of kasmir .
we need better infrastructure , better roads , reliable electricity .
we need more for tourists to do in the evening we dont even have one cinema in this city , he said .
in june , a local islamic group created a dress code for foreign tourists .
nobody wants tourists to come here and cover their faces .
the state receives just 72 million each year in taxes but 155 million is paid in salaries to 500,000 public employees .
it is clear why he needs to find more money , fast .
a source said : they always believed the law was broken and that they had a right to their privacy .
the royal couple are pleased with the decision , but they want there to be a much more public criminal prosecution for invasion of privacy against the magazine and photographer or photographers .
under french law , if you invade someones privacy , you may have to spend a maximum of one year in prison and pay a fine of 45,000 .
this punishment would send a message to the world and , the couple hope , stop paparazzi from invading their privacy in the future .
the irish daily star has also published the photos .
and the mondadori-owned italian celebrity magazine chi published a special edition of 26 pages with the photos of the future queen .
the normal time limit for bringing a civil action is three to six years , a spokesman said .
the claimants lawyer said : the british government has admitted that these three kenyans were brutally tortured but they have been trying to avoid any legal responsibility .
the red cross documented hundreds of torture cases in cyprus .
there may also be claims from malaysia , where large numbers of people were detained during the 12-year war with communist insurgents and their supporters that began in 1948 .
a subsistence farmer , he grew vegetables and bought rice .
i saw this film about fish in a cement pool and i thought it was a good idea , said chon , herself diagnosed with hiv in 1992 .
in june 2012 , chon met john sheehy , a philanthropist .
sheehy raised money for the non-profit fish farm in the northeast of monrovia , liberias capital , and set about learning about fish farming , doing an online course through cornell university and speaking to other fish farmers in africa .
i raised the money and built the farm , learned the proper tank layout and water flow system , said sheehy .
the project has now grown into the grow2feed liberia fish farm , with 12 tanks , which , when full , will each have 5,000 fish providing up to 200,000 fish per year , serving a community of 1,200 mainly hiv-positive people , including king and his family .
in addition to the fish , waste from the tanks is collected and used to irrigate crops , also providing food and money for the community .
they can use those fish to feed themselves and to sell in the market so that they get money to buy other essential items .
the fish farm gives these people with hiv a way of getting back into society now they are trading with people in the market every week .
some critics are sceptical of farmed fish , saying fish can be inbred and have high levels of toxins .
a lot of farmed fish is inbred , which does cause problems , but we are using a process with local fish from liberia , not fish from another region , said sheehy .
a rice-growing co-op in sierra leone asked us if we could do this on our property so that they can feed their workers and we have had interest from nigeria and central america , said sheehy .
this new method could be in use in police stations around the world within a decade .
the polygraph is widely used in the us in criminal cases and for security clearance for the fbi and cia but is much less popular in europe .
the basic thought is that liars fidget more and so the use of an all-body motion suit the kind used in films to create computer-generated characters will record this .
in movies , the polygraph is always right , but , in 1998 , the us supreme court ruled that there was no consensus that the polygraph was reliable .
some were interviewed about a computer game never end , which they played for seven minutes .
the second test involved a lost wallet containing 5 .
these include using motion-sensing technology from computer games , such as the kinect devices developed by microsoft for the xbox .
a girl born today in the uk can expect to live nearly to the age of 82 on average and her brother will live to 78 .
they would have a longer life in andorra ( 85 and 79 respectively ) but will live a little longer than in the us ( 81 and 76 ) .
and the best news is that small children are much less likely to die than they were forty years ago .
there has been a drop in deaths in under-fives of nearly 60 % , from 16.4 million in 1970 to 6.8 million in 2010 .
where they did not have death registries or medical records , for instance , they have taken evidence from verbal autopsies deciding the cause of death by an interview with the family .
the most surprising result has been the malaria figure .
the findings have led to further studies .
reduced fertility and longer life have led to a rise in the average age of the worlds population in a decade from 26 years old to almost 30 .
the change has been dramatic in latin america , for instance , where countries like brazil and paraguay had life expectancy of below 30 in 1970 and almost 64 in 2010 .
there is a lot of disability and it has a big effect on people who are living longer but not healthier lives .
a company from the netherlands is trying to turn dreams of reaching mars into reality .
the company , mars one , plans to send four astronauts on a trip to the red planet to set up a human colony in 2023 .
but there are a couple of serious problems .
firstly , when on mars the astronauts bodies will have to adapt to surface gravity that is 38 % of that on earth .
it is thought that this would cause such a total change in their bone density , muscle strength and circulation that the astronauts would no longer be able to survive in earths conditions .
secondly , and directly related to the first , they will have to say goodbye to all their family and friends , as there is no return ticket .
he told the guardian that the applicants so far ranged in age from 18 to at least 62 and , though they include women , they were mostly men .
for instance , water can be taken from ice in the soil and mars has sources of nitrogen , the primary element in the air we breathe .
reality meets talent show with no ending and the whole world watching .
the first team would land on mars in 2023 to begin building the colony , with a team of four astronauts every two years after that .
the project has its sceptics , however , and people are worried about how astronauts might get to the planet and build a colony with all the life support and other requirements needed .
the mission hopes to inspire generations to believe that all things are possible , that anything can be achieved , like the apollo moon landings .
between them , they have created a further 3,780 millionaires among their children , family and friends , according to the authors of the study , oxford economics .
the good news for the economy is that 98 % of the money the winners spent remained in the uk .
audis were the favourite cars of 16 % of winners , with range rovers and bmws also popular purchases ( 11 % each ) , as well as mercedes ( 10 % ) and land rovers ( 5 % ) .
the majority ( 68 % ) choose five-star hotels overseas .
the us was the favoured destination for 27 % , followed by the caribbean ( 9 % ) .
by 14 , she was on the radar of archbishop desmond tutu , who suggested her for the international childrens peace prize , and , by 15 , she became the youngest nobel peace prize nominee in history .
she now lives with her family in birmingham and does what the taliban tried to stop her doing : she goes to school every day .
malala responded to the violence of the taliban with words against bullets .
the stand with malala petition , demanding education for the 57 million children around the world who do not go to school , has attracted more than four million signatures more than a million were added after malalas speech .
she did not need to worry .
when she jumped out of bed , she could see a huge vapour trail hanging in the morning sky and hear car alarms from the street below .
there was a big explosion and then a series of little explosions .
first we noticed the wind , and then the room was filled with a very bright light and we could see a cloud of smoke in the sky , she said .
in chelyabinsk itself , schools and universities were closed and many other staff told to go home early .
there were a lot of girls in shock .
early estimates suggested more than 100,000 square metres of glass had been broken and 3,000 buildings hit .
the meteorite over chelyabinsk arrived less than a day before asteroid 2012 da14 was expected to pass earth very closely ( about 17,510 miles ) .
the ultra-nationalist leader of russias liberal democrat party , vladimir zhirinovsky , said it was not a meteorite but military action by the united states .
he said that they took a step back and asked whether its possible that the midlife crisis is not just something human .
the animals well-being was at its lowest , on average , at 28.3 and 27.2 years old for the chimpanzees , and 35.4 years old for the orangutans .
robin dunbar , professor of evolutionary psychology at oxford university , was sceptical about the findings .
but weiss believes the findings could point to a deeper understanding of the emotional crisis some men may experience .
if we want to find the answer to the question of whats going on with the midlife crisis , we should look at what is similar in middle-aged humans , chimps and orangutans , he said .
a new , high-tech computer-assisted autopsy system is becoming more and more popular in european hospitals .
michael thali , the director of zurichs institute for forensic medicine in europe , and one of the inventors of virtopsy , said it had the potential to revolutionize criminal investigations .
the technique allows you to find injuries that are not seen during a traditional autopsy , as well as air pockets , heart attacks and even cancer .
he added that the new method was particularly helpful in re-examining cases where the cause of death was unclear .
but more can , and should , be done to increase transparency and build public support for privacy protections in place .
elizabeth goitein of the brennan center for justice said : the intelligence committee bill and the usa freedom act present two opposing visions of the relationship between law-abiding americans and the national security state .
the fundamental question is : should the government have some reason to suspect wrongdoing before collecting americans most personal information to feed into its databases ?
were just going to keep fighting this battle .
according to a top-secret document , the national security agency ( nsa ) has got direct access to the systems of google , facebook , apple and other major us internet companies .
the nsa access is part of a program called prism , which allows officials to collect material including search history , the content of emails , file transfers and live chats , the document says .
in a statement , google said : google cares deeply about the security of our users data .
from time to time , people allege that we have created a government back door into our systems , but google does not have a back door for the government to access private user data .
they said they would never have been involved in such a program .
if they are doing this , they are doing it without our knowledge , one said .
an apple spokesman said he had never heard of prism .
the nsa access became possible because of changes to us surveillance law , introduced under president bush and renewed under obama in december 2012 .
the program facilitates a large amount of in-depth surveillance on live communications and stored information .
fw de klerk the south african president who freed mandela and shared the nobel peace prize with him in 1993 said the news was deeply sad for south africa and the world .
born rolihlahla dalibhunga in a small village in the eastern cape on 18 july , 1918 , mandela was given his english name , nelson , by a teacher at his school .
mandelas 91st birthday was marked by the first annual mandela day in his honour .
married three times , he had six children , 17 grandchildren and 14 great-grandchildren .
according to a new census , there are more tigers in nepal than at any time since the 1970s .
this has given conservationists hope that the big cats , whose numbers have been dropping across south asia for 100 years , can be saved .
the number of wild royal bengal tigers in nepal has increased to 198 a 63.6 % rise in five years the government survey showed .
tiger bones are used in traditional chinese medicines .
international gangs pay poor local nepali large amounts of money to kill the cats .
conservation experts believe that the increase in tiger numbers is the result of better policing of national parks and better management of tiger habitats in nepal , where forests cover 29 % of the land .
but they say nepal needs to do more to protect the habitat and animals on which tigers feed so the big cats have enough space to roam and food to eat .
as the number of tigers has increased over the years , conflict with villagers has increased , too .
but it should also produce plans to protect people from tigers , krishna bhurtel , a village headman , told a nepali newspaper .
wildlife authorities captured a tiger after it killed two people , including a villager who was pulled from his bed in may .
chitwan national park in central nepal has the highest number of adult tigers , with 120 , followed by bardiya national park ( 50 ) and shukla phanta wildlife reserve ( 17 ) .
some wealthy nepali have tiger heads on the walls of their living rooms .
tiger bones are used in traditional chinese medicines .
on the market square in rjukan stands a statue of the towns founder , a respected norwegian engineer and businessman called sam eyde .
the great man looks north across the square at a mountainside in front of him .
between the mountains , along the narrow vestfjord valley , lies the small , but once powerful , town that eyde built at the beginning of the last century , so the workers in his factories could live there .
deep in its eastwest valley , surrounded by high mountains , rjukan and its 3,400 inhabitants are in shadow for half the year .
during the day , from late september to mid-march , the town , three hours north-west of oslo , is not completely dark , but its certainly not bright , either .
now , high on the mountain opposite eydes statue , 450 metres above the town , three large , solar-powered , computer-controlled mirrors slowly track the movement of the sun across the sky .
grins ingrid sparbo , lifting her face to the light and closing her eyes .
this will bring much happiness .
across the road , in the nye tider caf , sits the man who created this unexpected happiness .
in the months between september and march , andersen says , wed look up and see blue sky above , and the sun high on the mountain slopes , but the only way we could get to it was to go out of town .
twelve years after he first dreamed of his solspeil , a german company specializing in csp concentrated solar power brought in , by helicopter , the three 17-sq-m glass mirrors that now stand high above the market square in rjukan .
like many others , he felt that the money should have been spent on other things on extra carers to look after rjukans old people , perhaps , or improved school facilities , cycle paths and roads .
and i still dont know about the continued maintenance costs , he says .
but ... well , it does feel nice , standing here .
in his office overlooking the square , rjukans young mayor , steinar bergsland , is interested not so much in the cost but in the benefits the mirrors might bring to the town .
and , he says , just look out of the window .
barack obama flew back to washington and his desk in the oval office on wednesday , hours after delivering an election victory speech in chicago in which he asked the country to unite behind him .
both the republican house speaker , john boehner , and the democratic leader in the senate , harry reid , spoke about a need to work together to resolve the economic crisis .
but it could become one of the biggest battles yet between the white house and congress under obamas presidency .
while obama easily beat his republican opponent mitt romney , holding swing state after swing state , the election showed again how divided america remains .
he talked about the need for both parties to find common ground and take steps together to help our economy grow and create jobs , which is critical to solving our debt .
reid , also sounded conciliatory , saying : i look at the challenges that we have ahead of us and i reach out to my republican colleagues in the senate and the house .
obama told the ecstatic crowd of supporters : tonight in this election , you , the american people , reminded us that while our road has been hard , while our journey has been long , we have picked ourselves up , we have fought our way back .
in a speech that lasted more than 25 minutes , obama paid emotional tribute to his wife , michelle , and his daughters , malia and sasha as well as to his vice-president , joe biden .
the top-ranked countries are what you would expect , but scandinavian countries were not wealthy when they introduced pensions for everyone .
more than two-thirds of older people live in poor countries ; by 2050 , this proportion is expected to be about four-fifths .
the fastest ageing countries jordan , laos , mongolia , nicaragua and vietnam are in the lower half of the ranking , which suggests that politicians there need to look at the question of ageing if they are to provide enough support to their populations .
there are gender differences among ageing populations , with women generally living longer than men .
however , population ageing does not always lead to significantly higher health care spending , according to the report , which highlights the importance of long-term investments in education and health care for older people .
bolivia , ranked 46 , despite being one of the poorest countries , has introduced good policies for older people , with a national plan on ageing , free health care and a noncontributory pension for everyone .
good basic health care introduced decades ago in chile and costa rica has helped the ageing populations of those countries .
in the philippines , older people have benefited from the educational reforms introduced after independence in 1946 , which made elementary and high school education compulsory .
the same is true for armenia , which , like other countries of the former soviet union , benefited from a strong education system .
south korea came a surprisingly low 67 on the ageing index , partly because it introduced a pension only recently .
this is a huge day for wales and , most importantly , for the 226 people in wales waiting for an organ transplant , said the welsh health minister , mark drakeford .
as a society , we have shown we are prepared to take action to increase organ donation and to provide hope to those people waiting every week for a transplant .
when family members know that organ donation is what the deceased wanted , they usually agree to the donation .
the new law will work by making clearer peoples wishes around the issue of organ donation and it will increase the rate of consent to donation .
relatives will have a clear right of objection , giving them the chance to show that the deceased would not have wanted to be an organ donor .
big efforts have been made in recent years to increase the number of those who carry an organ donation card , with a good deal of success .
but the increase in numbers of organs that are donated is still not enough .
members of the muslim council of wales and the south wales jewish representative council have expressed worries , while the archbishop of wales , barry morgan , said that donation ought to be a gift of love , of generosity .
from 28 february 2013 , at 20.00 hours , he told a group of cardinals in the vatican , the see of rome , the see of saint peter , will be vacant and a new pope will have to be elected .
among those present was a mexican cardinal , monsignor oscar sanchz barba , from guadalajara .
what is more , there were no dates in his calendar of events he personally had to attend .
thavis agreed : what i find particularly courageous is that he is prepared to say now , when he is not sick , that he is going ; and that hes doing it because hes tired and not because hes particularly ill .
does he know more about his state of health than the vatican has so far made public ?
he said that the position of pope required both strength of mind and strength of body , and in the last few months he felt that strength was gradually decreasing .
there will no doubt be other theories in the days and weeks ahead , just as there were following the death of pope john paul i in 1978 , 33 days after his election .
if youre gods chosen one , how do you choose not be chosen ?
it is a question many catholics will be asking their priests in the weeks ahead .
prince harry has flown out of afghanistan at the end of a four-month tour .
he also told of his disdain for and distrust of some sections of the media and described how his father constantly reminded him to behave more like a member of the royal family .
in another interview , he criticized the media , especially the sun , the daily mail and the daily telegraph , three of the royal familys strongest supporters .
he said he was particularly annoyed by articles comparing his role as an apache co-pilot gunner to spitfire crews during the second world war .
shortly before he went to afghanistan , the prince was photographed naked in las vegas during a private party .
they say their latest work could make it possible for multiple brains to be connected to share information .
these experiments showed that we have established a sophisticated , direct communication connection between brains , nicolelis said .
when they did the task correctly , they got a drink of water .
in tests , the second rat responded correctly to the imported brain signals and pressed the lever 70 % of the time .
in further experiments , the rats collaborated on a task that required them to tell the difference between narrow and wide openings using their whiskers .
in the final test , the scientists connected rats on different continents and used the internet to send their brain activity back and forth .
this tells us that we could create a workable network of animal brains distributed in many different locations .
we cannot even predict what might happen when animals begin interacting as part of a brain-net , he said .
in theory , you could imagine that a combination of brains could find solutions that individual brains cannot achieve by themselves .
anders sandberg , who studies the ethics of neurotechnologies at oxford university , said the work was very important in helping to understand how brains encode information .
but the potential future uses of the technology are much wider , said sandberg .
theres a big difference between sharing sensory information and being able to plan .
very little is known about how people encode thoughts and how they might be sent to another persons brain so that will not happen any time soon .
leicesters museums service is working on plans for a new visitor centre in an old school building overlooking the site .
richard died at bosworth on 22 august 1485 , the last english king to die in battle , and , for the first time , the researchers revealed how .
the blade probably went several centimetres into his brain and , experts say , he was certainly unconscious at once and dead almost as soon .
it was mathew morris who first uncovered the body , in the first hour of the first day of the excavation .
he did not believe he had found the king .
ten days later , on 5 september , when further excavation proved morris had hit the crucial spot , he returned with lin foxhall , head of the archaeology department , to excavate the body .
we did it the usual way , lifting the arms , legs and skull first , and proceeding gradually towards the torso so it was only when we finally saw the twisted spine that i thought : my word , i think weve got him .
for philippa langley of the richard iii society , richard was the true king , the last king of the north , a brave leader who became a victim of some of the most brilliant propaganda in history , in the hands of shakespeare .
kensington palace announced at 8.30pm that the baby was born at 4.24pm in the exclusive lindo wing at st marys hospital , paddington , west london .
the queen , the duke of edinburgh , the prince of wales , the duchess of cornwall , prince harry and members of both families were informed and were delighted with the news that her royal highness and her child were both doing well .
in a statement , prince charles said : both my wife and i are overjoyed at the arrival of my first grandchild .
following tradition , a formal notice was posted on an easel the same used to announce prince williams birth in 1982 in the forecourt of buckingham palace shortly before 9pm .
minutes later , as crowds of wellwishers outside cheered , its a boy , the formal medical bulletin was taken from the hospital to buckingham palace under police escort .
felix baumgartner stood at the edge of space above new mexico and paused slightly .
ten terrifying minutes later , the austrian landed back on earth .
without it , his blood would have boiled and his lungs might have exploded .
the jump happened on a sunny morning in good weather .
baumgartner was carried up into clear skies by a gigantic balloon it measured 30 million square cubic feet and its skin was one-tenth the thickness of a sandwich bag .
as he reached the correct height , baumgartner went through a checklist of 40 things with his mentor joe kittinger .
but they decided to go ahead , watched by a record 8 million people live on youtube .
the former paratrooper has parachuted off buildings and mountains and once into a 600 foot deep cave .
he had already done two practice free-falls in preparation for this jump one from 71,000 feet and a second from 97,000 feet .
kittinger jumped from a balloon 19 miles above the planet in 1960 and gave advice to baumgartner during the ascent .
id like to be sitting in the same spot in the next four years as joe kittinger .
there is a young guy asking me for advice because he wants to break my record .
he added : the most beautiful moment was when i was standing on the landing area and mike todd &#91; the life support engineer who dressed baumgartner in his suit &#93; appeared and he had a smile on his face like a little kid .
he has promised to settle down and enjoy life with his girlfriend , nicole oetl , flying helicopters on rescue missions in the us and austria .
for years it has been very different from the concrete-lined beaches of torremolinos and marbella along the coast , but earlier in 2012 the local council in tarifa said yes to plans to build a tourist complex next to the beach .
there is a law that was designed to stop more ugly developments like those that spoilt a lot of spains beaches when mass tourism first arrived in the 1960s and 1970s .
at the southernmost point of spain , tarifa is where africa and europe meet , where the mediterranean sea meets the atlantic .
the campaign to save the beach was launched hours after the tarifa council voted for the project .
the campaign has a facebook page and is supported by groups including greenpeace , the world wide fund for nature and the spanish branch of conservation network birdlife .
also joining the opposition to the project is the andalusian college of geographers , which says that the site would disturb two wildlife conservation areas and cross the border of a national park .
we agree with the complex as long as it creates jobs in the town , but we are against it if it only benefits a few , said cristbal lobato , who has worked at the same beachside bar in tarifa for 30 years .
if they put it in the centre of tarifa , where there is space , then clients could visit shops , tapas bars and restaurants .
they asked why the company paid no corporation tax in the uk during the past three years , despite the companys profitable business in britain .
greene said the government could easily collect billions that could help pay for necessary services if they were stricter on tax avoidance .
uncut campaigner anna walker said weve chosen to really highlight the impact of the cuts on women .
so were going to focus on transforming starbucks into those services that the government are cutting , such as refuges and crches .
starbucks is a really great target because it is on every high street across the country and thats what uk uncut finds really important : people can take action in their local areas , she said .
the group chief executive , howard schultz , has said in a statement : starbucks has always paid taxes in the uk .
over the last three years alone , our company has paid more than 160m in various taxes , including national insurance * , vat and business rates .
we spend hundreds of millions of pounds with local suppliers on milk , cakes and sandwiches , and on store design and renovations .
the chief medical officer for england has compared the problem of antibiotic resistance to the risks of international terrorism .
around a third of all deaths were in children under the age of five , mostly because of infectious disease .
however , a child born in britain today has more than a one in four chance of reaching their 100th birthday .
but they leave behind strong bacteria that have begun to learn how to survive antibiotic drugs .
vancomycin resistant staphylococcus aureus ( vrsa ) appeared in our hospitals .
antibiotics have become drugs that are expensive to develop , that are only used in short courses and that quickly become ineffective due to the changes in bacterial resistance .
there needs to be change in the way doctors prescribe antibiotics and fewer antibiotics used in farming and agriculture .
but are the countrys prisons a soft option ?
the head of swedens prison and probation service , nils oberg , said in november 2013 that four swedish prisons will close due to an out of the ordinary fall in prisoner numbers .
although there has been no fall in crime rates , between 2011 and 2012 there was a 6 % fall in swedens prisoner population , now a little over 4,500 .
we certainly hope that the efforts we put into rehabilitation and preventing criminals from reoffending has made a difference , he said .
the modern prison service in sweden is very different from when i joined as a young prison officer in 1978 , says kenneth gustafsson , governor of kumla prison , swedens most secure jail , 130 miles west of stockholm .
sweden was the first country in europe to introduce the electronic tagging of convicted criminals and continues to keep prison sentences short wherever possible by using community-based measures .
the overall reoffending rate in sweden is between 30 and 40 % over three years to compare that with another european country , the number is around half that of the uk .
one thing that has kept reoffending down and the number of prisoners in sweden below 70 per 100,000 people is that the age of criminal responsibility is 15 .
in sweden , no young person under the age of 21 can be sentenced to life this is not the case in many other countries and they try to keep young offenders out of prison .
one strong reason for the fall in prison numbers might be the amount of post-prison support available in sweden .
a government-run probation service supervises people on probation and provides treatment programmes for offenders with drug , alcohol or violence problems .
but , in my experience , the majority of prisoners want to change and we must do what we can to help them .
all day and all night you can hear the sound of guns , rockets or planes attacking rebel positions the sound of war getting closer to syrias capital .
that usually becomes clear later from video clips posted by the opposition on youtube .
as you can see , everything here is fine but we have to hit the terrorists , these extremists , an army officer announced .
in the beginning , when there started to be explosions , i used to have nightmares , she reflected .
i live nearby but luckily i wasnt there , recalled munir , a university lecturer .
concrete blast barriers often painted in the syrian flags black , red and white now protect official buildings , not just the military or defence installations that are obvious targets .
only drivers with an official security clearance can use special fast lanes to avoid the wait .
others argue that a complete victory by either side is unlikely and hope for a political solution that comes from abroad .
but few people here seem to expect things to get any better .
at addis ababa airport , visitors are greeted by pictures of golden grains , tiny red seeds and a group of men around a giant pancake .
the words say : teff : the ultimate gluten-free crop !
but it is also the home of teff , a highly nutritious ancient grain that is now being sold in health-food shops and supermarkets in europe and america .
naturally gluten free , the grain can be used instead of wheat flour in anything from bread and pasta to waffles and pizza bases .
it is ground into flour and used to make injera , the flatbread that is basic to ethiopian cooking .
the grain is also central to many religious and cultural ceremonies .
today , most small farmers sell most of what they grow to people in the city .
the type of teff people eat is different , too : the rich eat the more expensive magna and white teff varieties ; poorer people usually eat less-valuable red and mixed teff and more than half combine it with cheaper cereals such as sorghum and maize .
it says that the grain could play an important role in school meals and emergency aid programmes , and help reduce malnutrition particularly among children and adolescents .
mama fresh is a family company that has been selling injera to top restaurants and hotels in the ethiopian capital for years .
farmers in europe , israel and australia have also experimented with it .
the british prime minister , david cameron , said : it was with great sadness that l learned of lady thatchers death .
he added : as our first woman prime minister , margaret thatcher succeeded against all the odds , and she didnt just lead our country , she saved our country .
labour party leader , ed miliband , said : she will be remembered as a unique figure .
describing her as a political phenomenon , the former conservative prime minister sir john major said : her outstanding characteristics will always be remembered by those who worked closely with her : courage and determination in politics , and humanity and generosity of spirit in private .
with money from britains north sea oil fields , thatcher was able to change the ageing industrial economy and she used the opportunity to defeat her enemies including moderate members of her own party .
after a vote among conservative mps failed to support her , john major took control of the party .
obama signed the legislation just after midnight on thursday .
the president was asked by a journalist whether the crisis would happen again in a few months .
earlier , the republican senator mike lee said there may be more trouble ahead : the media keeps asking : was it worth it ?
however , the political deal was one of the worst of all possible results for republicans .
according to a report by the world health organization ( who ) , 35.6 % of all women around the world will experience physical or sexual violence in their lifetime , usually from a male partner .
the highest levels of violence against women are in africa , where nearly half of all women 45.6 % will suffer physical or sexual violence .
that , says the report , is often the first opportunity for violence in the home to be discovered and for the woman to be offered help .
violence has a significant effect on womens health .
for the first time , we have compared data from all over the world on the extent of partner violence and sexual violence by non-partners and the impact of these sorts of violence on health , said garcia-moreno .
these included hiv and other sexually transmitted infections , depression , alcoholism , unwanted pregnancies and lowbirthweight babies .
data from 81 countries shows that , even in high-income countries , 23.2 % of women will suffer physical and / or sexual violence from a partner in their lives .
the authors say that their previous research shows that better-educated women and working women are less likely to suffer violence , although not in all regions .
what is societys attitude concerning the acceptability of certain forms of violence against women ?
but , on tuesday april 8th , 2014 , she described the extraordinary moment when she received a message in a bottle , 101 years after he had thrown it into the baltic sea .
a man stood at my door and told me he had post from my grandfather .
he then told me that a message in a bottle had been found and that the name that was on the card was that of my grandfather .
holger von neuhoff , a curator at the museum , said this bottled message was the oldest he had come across .
researchers believe erdmanns grandfather , richard platz , threw the bottle in the sea while on a hike in 1913 .
she said she was moved by the arrival of the message , although she had not known her grandfather because he died , at the age of 54 , six years before she was born .
she was very happy to receive the bottled message , she said , but she hoped other people would not do what her grandfather had done and throw bottles with messages into the sea .
we want to make a few photos available to put with the bottle and give it a face , so visitors can see the young man who threw the bottle into the water , she said .
sleep deprivation used to be a sign that you were busy and important and very much in demand .
now , however , arianna huffingtons the sleep revolution , a book that promises to completely change your life one night at a time , is a new york times best-seller .
meanwhile , businesses have realized that they can make money from the sleep revolution .
a whole range of businesses are reinventing where , when and how we sleep , as well as how much were prepared to pay for it .
luxury hotels are offering sleep retreats ; more than $ 1,000 gets you dinner and a movie about sleep .
and , if youre staying home , you can upgrade your bedroom with everything from a mattress cover with a sensor that monitors your sleep ( $ 249 ) to a sleeping mask that monitors your brainwaves and lets you nap more efficiently ( $ 299 ) .
a number of companies already have sleeping areas and huffington predicts that nap rooms in offices are going to become as common as conference rooms in the next two years .
numerous studies show that youre more likely to sleep badly if youre poor .
its hard to sleep if youre one of the 15 million american shift workers who work irregular hours .
the very real sleep crisis isnt that a few rich people think its a waste of time ; the problem is the 99 % who cant afford to spend time sleeping .
the real prize is finding a way to negate sleep deprivation so humans can work on less sleep .
eventually , humans will find a way to remove the need for sleep completely .
at that point , we may need a whole new sort of sleep revolution .
finnish mobile-phone company nokia dropped 41 places to 98th at $ 4.1bn , just ahead of nintendo in 100th place ( down 33 ) .
the highest-placed non-us brands are south koreas samsung ( 6th ) , japans toyota ( 8th ) and germanys mercedes-benz ( 10th ) .
the highest-placed british brands are hsbc ( 33rd ) , shell ( 65th ) and burberry ( 73rd ) .
sports brand nike is at place 22 with a brand value of nearly $ 20bn , ahead of its rival adidas at place 59 with a value of $ 7bn .
customers expect interaction , responsiveness , 24 / 7 accessibility , customization options and high levels of personalization , he said .
but , for the small but growing muslim community of iqaluit , nunavut , life in the land of the midnight sun is a real challenge during the month of ramadan , when muslims typically fast from sunrise to sunset .
i havent fainted once , said 29-year-old abdul karim , one of the few in the area who has carefully timed his ramadan fast to the arctic sun since moving from ottawa in 2011 .
the only reason to stop would be if it hurts my health , karim said .
it still means fasting for around 18 hours a day , said atif jilani , who moved to iqaluit from toronto .
the days are long , but its more manageable .
some follow the timings of mecca , for example awan , a father of two young children , including a 12-year-old who recently started fasting .
he hopes to encourage his son with the more manageable timetable of about 15 hours of fasting compared with about 18 hours in edmonton .
youre supposed to break your fast when its dusk but we eat when the sun is up .
in inuvik , where most of the population is inuit , the muslim community has tried to strike a balance between ramadan and the local culture and traditions .
we make a soup or curry , but instead of using beef , we use reindeer .
its particularly true for those like karim who have followed the local sunrise and sunset carefully .
ramadan will eventually fall during winter and , in iqaluit , the sun will rise and set within a few hours each day .
dr ben brabon of edgehill university teaches a mooc a massive open online course in literature .
according to brabon , many students enrol on moocs because they are free and they enjoy communicating with other students .
moocs are the newest big idea to try to make higher education available to everyone .
students in developing countries who want access to first-world universities ?
or hobby learners , who want to learn about a subject area in which they have an interest ?
his literature course had 1,000 enrolments and 31 completions .
with moocs , theres very little support available : the student does not get any individual attention .
although this may mean that online study is unattractive or difficult for someone without high-level qualifications , it suggests , he says , that moocs could be a really good tool for continuing education .
instead , he suggests a blended approach that combines a campus experience with a mooc ; also , perhaps , using moocs to create a global degree , with students taking courses from across the world , might be possible .
for now , mooc completion certificates have no quality assurance on either the course content or its assessment standards , so employers will not be impressed by them .
some people are idealistic about moocs they want to bring the best of first-world teaching to students in less developed countries .
mike sharples , chair of educational technology , doesnt agree with that cynicism .
if people are genuinely fascinated by learning , then why not ?
the building repairs are happening in the wake of the collapse of the rana plaza complex in the capital of bangladesh , dhaka , in 2013 , in which 1,138 people were killed .
the owner of one dhaka-based factory , softex cotton , has said he will take legal action against the accord because his factory was closed down due to structural problems .
another factory owner said that , once a factory closed its doors , even for a few months , it would lose orders and close permanently : there is no such thing as temporary closure , he said .
jenny holdcroft , policy director for industriall , which has been closely involved in the accord , said that the agreement ensured that factories would not lose orders during closure because brands had committed to maintain orders with suppliers for two years .
brands dont want to commit to paying so that rich factory owners who have just pocketed the profits and not been spending on their factories for years continue to do so .
a spokesman for the accord said negotiations over payments and even legal action would not hold up its work to improve safety in factories .
we had a big meeting with the accord to make them understand they have to come forward or how will we help our workers ?
however , the children who learn in this three-square-metre room are the lucky ones .
after they leave work , they sometimes find it difficult to make friends and adapt to school .
it is also very difficult to make sure they stay in school lots of these children dont finish school .
in 2015 , sohay helped 1,540 children to leave hazardous work and 2,125 more children those in danger of starting work into school .
about 780 more children are preparing to enter school in 2017 .
the labour law of bangladesh 2006 does not allow children under the age of 14 to work but , according to the un childrens agency , unicef , 4.7 million children under that age are employed and 1.3 million aged five to 17 work in hazardous industries .
barack obama has urged young people to reject pessimism and interact with people who have different beliefs if they want to make changes in the world .
on the final day of his last visit to britain as us president , obama told 500 youth leaders at a meeting in london : im here to ask you to reject the idea that there are forces we cant control .
reject pessimism , cynicism and know that progress is possible .
obama said he was proud of his healthcare reforms , which received huge cheers from the audience , and said of the us response to the 2008 financial crisis : saving the world from great depression that was quite good .
furqan naeem , a campaigner from manchester , said : i recently visited the united states and i saw some really important work the president did the work celebrated americas diversity and brought communities together .
later , obama met jeremy corbyn , who said they had an excellent 90-minute discussion .
stewart baker , the former general counsel at the us national security agency ( nsa ) , said metadata tells you everything about somebodys life .
patrick mutchler , a computer security researcher at stanford , said that the power of metadata was understood by people who collect the information but the public was in the dark .
for the study , 823 people agreed to have metadata collected from their phones through an android app .
the app also received information from their facebook accounts , which the scientists used to check the accuracy of their results .
in this way , they named the city people lived in 57 % of the time and were nearly 90 % accurate in placing people within 50 miles of their home .
then , using a simple computer program to analyse peoples call patterns , the scientists could see who was in a relationship .
once they knew the owner of a particular number had a partner , it was easy to find out who the partner was , they said .
pigeon skeletons lie among shattered mirrors and water streams through broken walls .
their grecian columns are cracking into pieces and mosaic-tiled swimming pools are filled with rubble .
nature has taken over and owls have moved in .
metal grilles block the windows of another , which has been sold for 20m .
inside one mansion , water drips through a huge crystal chandelier onto a thick carpet rotting under sections of collapsed ceiling .
moss grows through shattered bricks and mirrored tiles are lying on a bathroom floor .
its huge , high-ceiling halls are occupied by pigeons and its walls have been turned bright green by algae .
a security guard patrolling the pavement outside one mansion said that the owners were not there .
another , outside royal mansion , would not say if anyone was home , while a member of staff at another mansion simply warned the guardian about the guard dogs .
to be honest , i have never seen what my neighbours look like .
there are about three houses that are lived in 24 / 7 and half of the properties are occupied three to six months a year .
anil varma , a local property developer , has decided to rebuild one of the most valuable sites on the avenue as a collection of 20 apartments with a concierge , maid service , 25-metre pool , spa and cinema .
frustrated when she was unable to buy a 40 tv reduced from 299.99 to 149.99 , haggerty rushed to pick up a vacuum cleaner , reduced from 319.99 to 159.99 .
police intervened at several other stores just before the doors opened at midnight .
meanwhile , manchester police said that at least two people had been arrested at black friday sales events .
were going to pc world first thing their sale starts at 8am .
these antibodies are part of the immune systems response to infections but the best medical evidence has shown that high igg levels do not suggest an allergy , the guide says .
hair sample testing is also pointless , the guide says .
hair is not involved in allergic reactions so testing hair samples cannot provide any useful information on allergies .
this needs to stop , which can only happen if we prove these tests are unscientific .
the guide lists a number of myths about the sources of allergies , from the suggestion that they are caused by e numbers in food colourings to toxic overload and fast food .
on the top of a hill , looking down on northumberlands beautiful kielder water reservoir , a group of people wait in a car park next to a strange wooden building .
they are looking for darkness and this is kielder observatory , the centre of britains latest industry astrotourism .
many more apply for a night of stargazing at the observatory but numbers are strictly limited .
instead , they decide to use their powerful telescopes to observe jupiter and venus and , later , to pick out stars such as capella and betelgeuse .
an additional attraction is the appearance of the international space station .
the key moment for northumberland came in 2013 when the entire national park , about 1,500 square kilometres in area , was awarded dark sky park status , the only one in england .
the 2013 star count revealed that only 5 % of the uk population can see more than 31 stars on a clear night .
and those areas must also prove their night skies are dark enough .
in northumberland dark sky park , as the area was renamed , it is so dark that venus casts a shadow on the earth .
duncan wise , visitor development officer for the northumberland national park authority , helped to lead the campaign for dark-sky status .
many of the 1.5 million who visit northumberland each year are now aware of its dark sky status .
a new 14m national landscape discovery centre will have an observatory when it is completed in a couple of years .
he is planning britains first astrovillage , one that would contain the largest public observatory in the world and have a 100-seat auditorium , a 100-seat planetarium , a one-metre aperture telescope , and radiomagnetic and solar telescopes .
the multimillion-pound project would also have a hotel and draw in 100,000 people a year , four times the number currently able to use the observatory .
if you had to build a visitor attraction from scratch , what could be better than the universe ?
rising human populations and overconsumption make many people believe that such animals will soon become extinct .
brown bears , wolves and the eurasian lynx are found in nearly one-third of mainland europe ( excluding belarus , ukraine and russia ) , with most living outside nature reserves .
bears are the most abundant large carnivore in europe there are around 17,000 of them .
only belgium , denmark , the netherlands and luxembourg in mainland europe like britain have no breeding populations of at least one large carnivore species .
guillaume chapron from swedens university of agricultural sciences and researchers across europe found wolves , in some cases , living in suburban areas alongside up to 3,050 people per square kilometre .
in order to have wolves , we dont need to remove people from the landscape , said chapron .
most crucial , said chapron , has been the eu habitats directive , which has forced member states to protect and revive rare species .
without the habitats directive , i dont think we would have had this recovery , he said .
the roof is plastic and the desks are just old chairs , but the students inside the chemin des dunes school are studying hard and hoping for a new life in france .
now , we need to build another one , he says with a grin .
french is not as easy as english but , two weeks ago , i decided there was no way to get to the uk , says george , another darfur refugee and student .
he wanted to cross the channel because he speaks fluent english but , with language classes , he says he is happy to settle in france .
he admits he doesnt know much about france but says that the classes are slowly helping him understand the country as well as the language .
jenny flahaut , 33 , who works at a childrens home , volunteered after seeing an advertisement on facebook .
most feel uncomfortable going to classes with male students they dont know , the volunteers say .
after setting up the new classroom , zimarco has more dreams for making the camp a place to live , not just survive .
he hates the jungle because he says it implies the residents arent people .
when larry pizzi first heard about electric bikes nearly 20 years ago , he asked : why would anyone want to screw up a bike by putting a motor and batteries on it ?
familiar brands including trek , raleigh and specialized all offer electric models and they believe that the market is about to take off .
they are popular in much of europe , too .
theyre common in the netherlands and switzerland ; german postal workers use them to get around and bmw offers one for about $ 3,000 .
electric bikes are different from motorcycles or mopeds , which rely on motorized power ; they are bicycles that can be pedalled with or without help from an electric motor .
batteries are getting smaller , theyre getting lighter , theyre getting more reliable and they are lasting longer , says don dicostanza , the founder and ceo of pedego , an electric bikemaker and retailer .
perhaps most importantly , more cities are building cycling infrastructure including bike lanes so bicycle commuting has become more popular .
most of our customers are ageing baby boomers who want to have the cycling experience they had as a kid , says pedegos don dicostanza .
electrobike , which operates 30 stores in mexico , opened its first american store in venice beach , california in the autumn of 2014 and hopes to grow to 25 us stores in a year .
he tells customers : ride this once and try not to smile .
unfortunately , to the disappointment of those following the story , the two of them did not fall in love .
it wasnt easy and it certainly wasnt immediate .
it took us about a week to really figure each other out , axani said .
at the end of it , wed developed a really great rhythm one second , we had really funny inside jokes and , the next second , we knew when the other person needed space .
so thats a lot of stories , thats a lot of individuals and thats a lot of love for their home city of prague .
it was a real adventure .
axani arrived back in toronto at 3am and went straight into a meeting at his charity , a ticket forward .
when two people from the marshall islands saw a small fibreglass boat washed up on the beach of a remote pacific island , they decided to take a closer look .
inside the boat , they found an emaciated man with long hair and a beard , who said he had been drifting for 16 months after setting out from mexico , more than 12,500km away .
a companion had died at sea several months before , he said .
his condition isnt good , but hes getting better , said ola fjeldstad , a norwegian anthropology student doing research on ebon island , one of the marshall islands .
the boat looks like it has been in the water for a long time , fjeldstad told reporters .
according to fjeldstad , the islanders who found the man took him to a nearby island which is so remote it has only one phone line and no internet to meet the mayor , ione de brum .
it was possible to catch turtles or small fish by hand , he said , since they are inquisitive and they will approach a small boat to shelter underneath it .
christian advises people who are forced to eat turtles to start with their eyes lots of fluid then move on to the blood .
if you have no fresh water and it doesnt rain for a few days , so you cant collect rainwater , you have basically had it .
in 2006 , three mexicans made international headlines when they were discovered drifting , also in a small fibreglass boat near the marshall islands .
much better than an egg or a sandwich or a cup of tea , said arvind singh at 6.15am as he did his breathing exercises on a bench .
the participants will include 64-year-old modi , most of his government and , they hope , a range of celebrities .
they have said , too , that daily yoga lessons will be offered free to three million civil servants and their families .
modi said that yoga is an invaluable gift of indias ancient tradition .
suneel singh , a guru in south delhi , agreed that yoga did not belong to any one religion : is tai chi just chinese ?
the bestselling book on amazon in the us is by scottish illustrator johanna basford , who is topping the charts with her colouring books for adults .
they have fans like zooey deschanel , who shared a link about the book with her facebook followers , and the south korean pop star kim ki- bum , who posted an image on instagram for his 1.6 million followers .
the last few weeks have been utter madness , but fantastic madness , said eleanor blatherwick , head of sales and marketing at the books publisher , small british press laurence king .
we knew the books would be beautiful but we didnt realize they would be such a phenomenal success .
the first one we did was in 2012 , creative colouring for grown-ups .
for many people , a blank sheet is very daunting ; with a colouring book , you just need to bring the colour .
he owned a gold and silver rolex and lots of expensive cars .
but , authorities suspected he was not paying taxes on the clothes , furniture and other goods he was importing from china .
the uk stopped distribution of the 500 note in 2010 because it was used almost entirely by criminals .
in 2009 , italys central bank warned that the notes were widely used by mafia money launderers and terrorists .
peter sands , the former head of standard chartered bank , said we should get rid of high-denomination notes , including the 500 , the $ 100 , the 1,000 swiss franc note and the 50 .
the 500 note was introduced in 2002 when the euro was born : it replaced the 1,000 deutschmark , the 10,000 belgian franc and the 500,000 italian lira .
hundreds of young cubans are using the first known free , open-access internet service in the communist island nation .
perhaps more surprisingly , the service has been approved by the state-owned telecommunications company , etecsa .
but , in a country where only about 5 % of the population has unrestricted access to the internet , a facility that is both free of charge and free of restrictions is being welcomed .
the chance to click on international news websites , communicate with friends and family overseas and use sites like facebook and twitter has created a lot of excitement .
as diplomatic and trade relations between the us and cuba improve , american tech giants such as google and apple are expected to enter the cuban market as soon as they are permitted .
the artist said he wanted to encourage cubans to familiarize themselves with the internet .
its only possible if you are determined and if you absorb the costs , kcho told the associated press .
kcho is believed to be paying $ 900 a month to provide the free wi-fi .
one user said he sometimes visits in the middle of the night , when nobody else is around , and finds it to be unbelievably fast .
until the end , david bowie , who has died of cancer , was still full of surprises .
david took the name bowie to avoid confusion with davy jones of the monkees .
this time , bowie appeared as a science-fiction character an intergalactic glam-rock star visiting planet earth .
with the album station to station ( 1976 ) , bowie introduced a new persona , the thin white duke .
1983 was the year in which he put his energy into the album lets dance and follow-up concerts .
lets dance turned bowie into a crowd-friendly global rock star , with the album and its singles lets dance , china girl and modern love all becoming huge international hits .
at the 1985 live aid famine relief concert at wembley stadium , bowie was one of the best performers .
in addition , that year , he teamed up with mick jagger to record the fundraising single dancing in the street , which quickly went to number 1 .
a few days after his appearance at the freddie mercury tribute concert at wembley stadium in april 1992 , bowie married the somalian model iman and the couple bought a home in new york .
for the album black tie white noise ( 1993 ) , he included elements of soul , electronica and hip hop .
it topped the uk album chart and gave him a top 10 single , jump they say .
during his reality tour in 2004 , bowie had chest pains while performing in germany and needed emergency surgery in hamburg .
in 2014 , bowie was given the brit award for best british male , making him the oldest person to get the award .
he is survived by iman , their daughter , alexandria , his stepdaughter , zulekha , and his son , duncan , from his first marriage .
well-known british author david mitchell is used to the critics analysing his novels in detail .
he completed it at 1am one tuesday morning before a car arrived to take him to the airport to catch a flight to norway .
the first author , margaret atwood , handed over the manuscript of a text called scribbler moon in 2015 .
everything is telling us that were doomed but the future library brings hope that we are more resilient than we think : that we will be here , that there will be trees , that there will be books and readers , and civilization .
so , it had better be good .
id look such a fool if they opened it in 2114 and it wasnt any good .
mitchell revealed only the name of the manuscript , from me flows what you call time , during a ceremony in the norwegian woods next to where patersons 1,000 trees are planted .
the title is taken from a piece of music by japanese composer toru takemitsu .
his manuscript , now delivered , will be sealed and placed alongside atwoods in a wood-lined room in oslos new public library , which will open in 2019 .
they fly in groups overhead and sit on the citys buildings .
environmental authorities are kitting the birds out with gopro video cameras and gps trackers the birds have a new mission in the fight against fly-tipping and illegal dumping .
samuel is one of the projects ten disease-free black vultures that are looking for rubbish .
usaid and the peruvian environment ministry are working together on this project to tackle limas rubbish problem .
with just four landfills in a city of nearly ten million inhabitants , there are many illegal dumps .
a fifth of the rubbish goes into these dumps , according to the environment ministry .
in an attempt to reduce air pollution , europe will become the first part of the world to force car makers to use real-world emissions tests .
other countries , such as china and korea , which are also considering real-world emissions tests , will be watching what happens closely .
one key reason why air pollution kills 400,000 citizens each year is that car makers cheat the tests for diesel cars , causing much more pollution on the road , said greg archer , the clean vehicles manager for transport and environment .
campaigners say that the car industry has tried to delay reforms to car test cycles .
real driving emissions ( rde ) is a totally new regulation that will force significant changes to cars , said cara mclaughlin , a spokesperson for the european automobile manufacturers association ( acea ) .
however , acea fully accepts that rde will apply to new types of cars from september 2017 .
acea sent the european commission their own draft regulation for consideration , after eu representatives finally agreed a regulation to implement the nitrogen oxide limits with strengthened road trials and strict monitoring of exhaust fumes .
the introduction of the eus new emission tests will be watched closely around the world .
my near-death experience had left me anxious about everything .
i felt that people were looking at me in the wrong way , i began to struggle with loud noises and i suffered from memory loss .
we have this lovely idea about dolphins and have faith in them who would think a dolphin would ever attack a person ?
so many come here to swim with her and they dont understand how dangerous it can be .
after the man pulled me out of the water , dusty swam away but , then , she came back and was looking at me .
climate change , falling numbers of animals , rising numbers of humans and the rapid rate of species extinction mean more and more scientists now believe that we are in the anthropocene age the geological age of extinction when humans finally dominate the ecosystems .
some populations of mammals , birds , reptiles and amphibians have suffered even bigger losses , with freshwater species declining by 76 % over the same period .
pandas may be cute and tigers beautiful but its worms that turn our waste into nutrients and bats that catch mosquitoes and keep malaria rates down .
its not as simplistic as fish die and people starve its more complex , said isaac .
dancevic collapsed during the second set of his fi rst-round match against frances benot paire on the uncovered court six at melbourne park and passed out for a minute .
i dont think its fair to anybody to the players , to the fans , to the sport when you see players pulling out of matches , passing out , he added .
the british number one , andy murray , said : its defi nitely something that you have to look at .
and it looks terrible for the whole sport when people are collapsing , ball kids are collapsing , people in the stands are collapsing .
caroline wozniacki said : i put the water bottle down on the court and it started melting a little bit underneath the plastic .
john isner said : it was like an oven when i open the oven and the potatoes are done .
the defending champion victoria azarenka said , it felt pretty hot , like youre dancing in a frying pan or something like that .
dancevic , who said he had felt dizzy from the middle of the second set , started playing again after medical attention but , unsurprisingly , lost 76 , 63 , 64 .
chinas peng shuai also said the heat had made her cramp up and vomit , and she had to be helped from the court after her 75 , 46 , 63 defeat to japans kurumi nara .
if youve trained hard enough your entire life , or the last few weeks , and you believe you can do it and come through it , theres no reason .
the swiss federal office of justice said of the latest arrests : they are in custody pending their extradition .
webb and the colombian former executive committee member luis bedoya were among those whose guilty pleas were entered in the us .
eleven current and former members of fifas executive committee have now been charged in the investigation , which alleges $ 200m in bribes , mainly as kickbacks from tv and marketing contracts but also fifas development programmes .
teixeira , the former son-in-law of the fifa ex-president joo havelange , was charged alongside del nero and his predecessor jos maria marin , who was charged in may .
days later , blatter won a fifth term as president but then agreed to step down as the crisis grew .
he was then provisionally suspended together with the uefa president , michel platini , over an alleged 1.3m payment to the frenchman .
both men face possible life bans when their case is heard by the fifa ethics committee in december if they are found guilty .
recent research showed half of tenants were unable to save a penny towards a deposit , while a quarter could only save 100 or less each month .
however , it also found that 30 % were not saving any money .
michael day , 30 , who lives with his parents in bristol , says he has been caught between paying high rents and saving for a mortgage deposit .
i dont really want to move out to rent as its more than a mortgage but you need such a big deposit to get a mortgage so its a vicious circle .
sue green , of saga , a business that sells insurance to people over 50 , said the majority of parents may not have planned to have their children living with them in their 20s or 30s .
jenna gavin , 29 , lives in southport , merseyside , in the family home where she grew up .
ive looked at buying and seen mortgage advisers but i just cant borrow enough to get on the property ladder .
gavin is trying to save for a deposit .
its difficult to save enough money even a 5 % deposit is such a lot of money and i would like to have a bigger deposit , she said .
they want me to try to save up and i contribute in other ways i buy food and i do things around the house .
women have traditionally played a minor role in professional football , but this may be changing .
france has just appointed its first female professional team manager .
it did not matter if it was , as some people suggested , just a publicity stunt for a minor team , clermont foot 63 , which is currently 14th out of the 20 teams in its league .
as a woman , its made me happy , vronique soulier , president of the clubs supporters association , told journalists .
the new manager of clermont foot 63 , whose average home crowd is around 3,800 , was born in alhandra , portugal and graduated with a masters degree in sports science .
she previously coached benficas male youth teams , the qatar womens team and , more recently , the iranian womens national side , which she left in september 2013 .
not the argentinian and fc barcelona record-breaking striker lionel messi , but junior messi enguene , a 20-year-old midfielder from cameroon .
in 1999 , she was named as the coach of the mens team viterbese .
but , after only two games , she resigned from the job because of a disagreement with the clubs proprietor .
she added : for the time being , i see too many men , even in the womens game , who are working despite not having the same expertise as women , who , by contrast , are not working .
i told myself that , if i took charge of a club again , id hire a woman as my number two .
in my opinion , its just a publicity stunt to get people talking about the club and she wont last the season .
a third wrote : i wish her welcome and success but i think itll be hard for her to make her mark as a woman in such a macho business .
but soulier was hopeful : hopefully , with the new manager , the club can find the motivation theyre lacking at the moment , she said .
after doing work experience at chelsea during her compatriot jos mourinhos first time as manager of the club between 2004 and 2007 , she was described as mourinho in a skirt .
the images show dramatic mountain ranges made from solid water ice as big as the alps or the rockies .
the extraordinary images of the former ninth planet and its large moon , charon , were sent back 4bn miles to earth from the new horizons spacecraft .
pluto used to be the ninth planet but , since 2006 , it has been known as a dwarf planet .
scientists believe the mountains are made from water ice with just a thin cover of exotic ices , methane and nitrogen .
the distance to pluto 5bn km means it takes new horizons hours to send back a picture and it will take 16 months to send back all the data .
cathy olkin , a mission scientist , said : charon just blew our socks off when we saw the new image today .
we asked five people who do some unusual jobs how much they are paid , what the worst parts are and why they enjoy their work .
typical salary : the entry-level salary is usually around 14,500 and a top salary can be up to 22,000 .
you get used to the job being disgusting but the emotional side of it is still hard , he says .
theyre not at all dangerous but they are almost pure muscle and they can be a little bit slimy , says stephen mowat , an eel conservationist and ecologist for the zoological society of london .
job satisfaction : working outdoors and seeing british wildlife up close is the best part of the job , says mowat .
i prepare and research as much technical and practical information as possible on every single product beforehand , says shaun ryan , presenter for ideal world tv .
chemists have waited a long time for a new element to turn up and , now , four have been discovered by researchers in japan , russia and the us .
the four new elements are the first to be added to the periodic table since 2011 , when elements 114 and 116 were included .
iupac announced that a russian-american team of scientists at the joint institute for nuclear research in dubna and lawrence livermore national laboratory in california had produced enough evidence to claim the discovery of elements 115 , 117 and 118 .
kosuke morita , who led the research at riken , said his team now planned to look to the uncharted territory of element 119 and beyond .
the japanese team is considering three names for ununtrium : japonium , rikenium and nishinarium , after the nishina center for accelerator-based science , where the element was found .
if we understand it better , hopefully we can improve how we deal with nuclear waste and things that are important in the real world .
in 1996 , the symbol cp was suggested for copernicium , or element 112 , but it was changed to cn when scientists complained that cp referred to another substance .
to discover the elements , researchers at the three labs slammed lighter nuclei into one another and looked for radioactive decays that should come from the new elements .
paul karol , chair of the iupac panel that verified the elements , said : it will be a long time before we can find practical uses for the new elements .
an estimated one million plastic bottles are used during the festival .
thousands more will go on sale to festival-goers to stop them relying on plastic bottles .
lucy smith , glastonburys green issues organizer , said : we have amazing water quality in the uk but everyone is obsessed with drinking bottled water .
environmentalists say that there is currently 150 million tonnes of plastic waste around the planet and oceans , poisoning ecosystems and killing wildlife .
ultimately , festival organizers hope to make glastonbury the worlds greenest greenfield festival .
they want to be like americas burning man festival in the black rock desert of nevada , which is a leave-no-trace event , where people have to take away all that they bring .
millions of barrels of oil are used in the manufacture of plastic bottles and the transportation of mineral water across the planet produces even more carbon emissions .
smith said that , instead of buying bottled water , festival-goers should take advantage of the water on tap , which comes from huge underground reservoirs .
britons are now drinking on average only eight cups of tea a week , down from 23 cups in 1974 .
and , while tea remains the most popular hot drink in the uk , people now spend more money on coffee .
the data is from 150,000 households who took part in the survey between 1974 and 2000 , combined with information from 2000 to 2014 .
fresh potatoes are also becoming less essential with a 67 % decrease from 1974 , when adults ate the equivalent of 188g every day .
consumption of takeaway food has almost doubled since 1974 , from 80g per person per week to 150g .
bananas have been the most popular fruit in the uk since 1996 , reaching 221g per adult per week in 2014 , well above apples ( 131g ) and oranges ( 48g ) .
britons are also spending a smaller proportion of their salaries on food today 11 % , compared with 24 % in 1974 .
the vice-president of google has warned that piles of digitized material blogs , tweets , pictures , videos and official documents such as court rulings and emails could be lost forever because the programs we need to view them will become defunct .
he warned that we faced a forgotten generation or even a forgotten century because of what he called bit rot , where old computer files become useless junk .
if we want to preserve them , we need to make sure that the digital objects we create today can still be viewed far into the future , he added .
we are throwing all of our data into what could become an information black hole without realizing it .
in the 1980s , it was routine to save documents on floppy disks and buy computer games on cassettes .
cerf warns that important political and historical documents will also be lost to bit rot .
researchers in pittsburgh have made progress towards finding a solution to bit rot .
it could be even more difficult to obtain the legal permissions to copy and store software before it dies .
were talking about preserving them for hundreds to thousands of years , said cerf .
but google , in the us , sent a shock through the car and taxi industries as it unveiled the latest version of its driverless car .
instead , it has a smartphone app that calls it and tells it the destination , and a single stop button between the two front-facing seats in case the passengers need to override the computer .
he said of the car : youre just sitting there ; no steering wheel , no pedals .
about ten seconds after getting in , i forgot i was there .
one challenge is creating high-definition scans of the roads and surroundings before the cars can drive along them because they cannot collect and process enough information in real time .
so far , there are high-detail maps of about 2,000 miles of californias roads , but the state has more than 170,000 miles of public roads .
dennis conyon of the uk national taxi association says that drivers will become unemployed .
london has about 22,000 licensed black cabs and conyon estimates that the total number of people who drive taxis for hire in the uk is about 100,000 .
so far , the google versions of the self-driving cars have driven 700,000 miles without an accident caused by the computer .
the company says that thousands of people die each year on the roads and that about 80 % of crashes are caused by human error .
but , at the real downton abbey , highclere castle a stately home owned by george geordie herbert , 8th earl of carnarvon they have more money than before .
currently , only the ground and first floors of highclere , on the borders of hampshire , are used .
visitbritain estimates that nearly 30 % of foreign visitors , or nearly nine million people , visit castles and historic houses .
more than a million take a tour of historic buildings each year , spending more than 1 billion .
fifty-one per cent of brazilians , 42 % of russians and chinese , and 35 % of indian visitors are likely to include a visit to a site of interest in their trips .
lady carnarvon says that the long-term future of highclere is not necessarily secure .
highclere castle plans a tutankhamun event in 2022 , 100 years after the 5th earl of carnarvon discovered tutankhamuns tomb with howard carter .
ive tried to persuade people it is fun .
in my new role , day shifts were spent on the streets in political rallies and nights were spent alone in the offi ce , coordinating the news from areas of fi ghting in el salvador , nicaragua , guatemala and the rest of central america .
it was as a reporter that i soon found out that i was as bad at understanding numbers in spanish as i was at calculating them in english .
even worse , there were too many victims in my stories almost 83 dead in a fi re at 6pm turned out to be as few as 38 by 7pm ; 12 people injured in a coach crash soon became two and so it went on .
it may be because of different numbering systems .
some experts believe there is a link between dyscalculia the diffi culty in understanding arithmetic and problems learning foreign languages , particularly if languages are learnt by rote .
but , perhaps its also because you often hear numbers in a non-native language out of context or in isolation .
i talked to multilingual friends and found that many can be fl uent in french or italian when ordering from a restaurant menu , for example , but freeze if they have to communicate numbers , especially over the phone .
but , in that fi rst journalism job , getting the numbers wrong didnt always add up to failure .
meanwhile , the challenge continues to grow .
the charity wateraid is asking people to use recycled water from bathtubs or garden butts or to use sea water .
we didnt see it coming but , suddenly , the donations just started .
actor verne troyer used milk , again saying it was for environmental reasons .
another criticism has been that small charities wont be able to cope with the extra money , but the mnd association rejected this .
we provide care and support for 3,500 people and they need it because this is such a rapidly progressing disease and its expensive to manage .
but , for many people with a connection to the disease , the awareness that the challenge has created is as valuable as the money .
with his icelandic wife , kristin , cardew is appealing against a decision by the national registry in the capital reykjavik not to renew their ten-year-old daughter harriets passport because it does not recognize her first name .
since the registry does not recognize the name of harriets 12-year-old brother duncan either , the two children have , until now , travelled on passports identifying them as stlka and drengur cardew : girl and boy cardew .
the situation meant the family , from kpavogur , risked missing their holiday in france until they applied to the british embassy for an emergency uk passport , which should now allow them to leave .
if they are not on a recognized list of 1,853 female and 1,712 male names , the parents must seek the approval of a body called the icelandic naming committee .
what this means in practice is that names containing letters that do not officially exist in icelands 32-letter alphabet , such as c , are out .
the cardews could get round harriets problem by giving her an icelandic middle name .
but its a bit late for that and way too silly , said cardew .
on cloud nine most of us are happy to call clouds fluffy ones or nasty black ones , but meteorologists identify more than 50 cloud types .
around the rainbow theres no better place to see a rainbow than from a plane .
rainbows are produced when sunlight hits raindrops .
blue light scatters more than the lowerenergy colours , so the blue looks like it comes from the sky .
people have been injured and occasionally killed when they are not strapped in , or get hit by falling luggage but the plane is not going to fall out of the sky .
its impossible to get water beyond 90c during flight so choose coffee .
a plane is a noisy place and food loses some of its taste when we are surrounded by loud noises .
glass-like ash particles melt in the heat of the engine , then solidify on the rotors .
the wing is shaped to push air downwards .
as the air is pushed down , the wing gets an equal and opposite push upwards , lifting the plane .
according to a recent report , the wealthiest people in india will become four times richer by 2018 , with hundreds of thousands of new entrepreneurs and inheritors becoming multimillionaires .
they really want to show or talk about their wealth in a really subtle way and buying luxury goods is a nice way to do it , balaraman said .
lamborghinis chief executive , stephan winkelmann , admitted , in 2013 , that the traffic and roads in india are not so suitable for the $ 450,000 sports cars .
another big spender bought identical pairs of louis vuitton bags , then cut up half of them to make clothes that would match her accessories .
even the traditional wedding is changing .
traditionally , presents such as silver plates , dried fruit or sweets are sent with wedding invitations .
he wanted to know what was happening on the outside .
thats just his personality .
the drainpipe was 50 metres long and led to the waters of hawkes bay , on the east coast of new zealands north island .
it is also possible that inky escaped by squeezing into an open pipe at the top of his tank , which led under the floor to the drain .
when we came in the next morning and his tank was empty , i was really surprised , said yarrell , who has not launched a search for inky .
the staff and i have been pretty sad .
reiss jenkinson , exhibits keeper at the national aquarium , said he was absolutely certain inky was not stolen .
i have seen octopuses on boats escape through bilge pumps .
because octopuses have no bones , they are able to fit into extremely small spaces and can squeeze through gaps the size of coins .
at the island bay marine education centre in wellington , an octopus used to visit another tank during the night to steal crabs , then return to its own tank .
another at the centre , ozymandias , broke a world record for opening a jar .
inky was brought to the national aquarium several years ago by a local fisherman who found him caught in a fishing pot .
recently , dong nguyen , the designer of the mobile game flappy bird , removed it from app stores .
the labradoodle the labradoodle isnt a monster its adorable .
but whats monstrous is the way crossbreed dogs have been sold since the labradoodles inventor , wally conron , fi rst created the breed in the 1980s .
ive created a lot of problems .
its inventors , bob gable and his brother kirkland , were later horrifi ed that the tag had become a form of control and punishment .
its not pleasant , kirkland gable told the guardian in 2010 , but im not in control of the universe .
pepper spray after police sprayed peaceful protesters with pepper spray at a university of california campus in 2011 , one of the scientists who helped develop it in the 80s denounced its use .
the offi ce cubicle in the late 60s , a new form of offi ce was designed to give workers privacy and increase productivity by providing more work space .
its inventor , bob propst , said , in 1997 , the use of cubicles in modern corporations is crazy .
jmw turner , one of britains greatest painters , will appear on the new 20 note , after a nationwide vote .
the final five barbara hepworth , charlie chaplin , josiah wedgwood , william hogarth and turner were chosen because of their unquestioned contribution to both the visual arts and british society , as well as their enduring influence .
the announcement of the new banknote was made at the turner contemporary gallery in margate .
the announcement was made jointly by carney and the artist tracey emin , who grew up in the town .
the note will also contain a quote from the artist light is therefore colour as well as his signature .
the signature is from his will , in which he left many of his paintings to the nation .
turner was born in 1775 in london , the son of a barber , and he entered the royal academy schools at the age of 14 .
in 1786 , when he was sent to margate , his love of painting and drawing the north-east kent coast began .
in reality , very few employees take these days .
while many british workers see a two-week summer holiday as their right , workers in japan think that a four-night vacation in hawaii is complete self-indulgence .
by the end of the decade , the government hopes that the law will push japanese employees towards following the example set by british workers , who use an average of 20 days paid annual leave , and those in france , who take an average of 25 .
about 22 % of japanese people work more than 49 hours a week , compared with 16 % of us workers and 11 % in france and germany , according to data from the japanese government .
yuu wakebe , a health ministry official overseeing policy on working hours , admits that he does 100 hours of overtime a month .
a lonely old man living on the moon is the unusual focus of john lewiss 2015 christmas advert .
rachel swift , head of marketing at john lewis , said that people talk about the charity at this time of year and the ad makes you think about someone who lives on your street that might not see anybody .
a full moon will fall on christmas day 2015 a complete coincidence , according to swift .
it had drummed up 22m views on youtube by the first week of january more than the 16.6m views of sainsburys ad with first world war soldiers sharing a bar of chocolate , the uks second most popular ad of 2014 .
i think people will think it is really cute .
while most concerts are now aglow with phones and tablets , bush does not want her fans watching her shows through a screen .
you cant even sing because youre too busy filming , beyonc told him .
recently , dutch football fans at psv eindhoven protested against the introduction of wi-fi in their stadium , holding up banners with messages like no wi-fi .
even in the world of classical music , one of the worlds leading pianists surprised concertgoers in june 2013 when he stormed off stage because a fan was filming his performance on a smartphone .
our thinking is that filming at concerts adds to the experience , rather than taking away from it and i think , if kate bush came round for a cup of tea , we could have a really interesting discussion about this , he added .
but thats exactly what kiruna , an arctic town in northern sweden , has to do to avoid being swallowed up into the earth .
they have to move this city of 23,000 people away from a gigantic iron-ore mine that is fast swallowing up the ground beneath its streets .
located 145km inside the arctic circle , kiruna has a brutal climate .
the people of kiruna have been living in limbo for ten years , says viktoria walldin , a social anthropologist who works with the architects .
a new town square is already being built , 3km to the east , with a circular town hall planned by danish architect henning larsen .
but the biggest worry for most people is where they will actually live and how they will get a house or flat .
people are used to very low rents and very high incomes but , in future , this will have to change says lindstedt .
a closer look at the plan shows the new town does not look like the original kiruna at all .
whites plan has multi-storey apartment blocks around shared courtyards in long straight streets .
it is an opportunity , say the architects , for kiruna to reinvent itself into a town that will attract young people .
legos profits rose strongly in the first half of 2014 , helped by the success of its lego movie , which has stormed box offices in the us and uk .
it is entertaining and aimed at consumers who are likely to go out and buy the companys products .
lego , based in the small town of billund , started producing its plastic bricks in 1949 and became a popular and well-known childrens toy around the world by the 1970s .
the office for national statistics has found britain to be the loneliest place in europe .
loneliness is a recognized problem among the elderly and there are day centres and charities to help them , says sam challis , of the mental health charity mind , but , when young people reach 21 , theyre too old for youth services .
people present an idealized version of themselves online and we expect to have social lives like those we see in the media , says challis .
indeed , a study of social media at the university of michigan in 2013 found that using technology to help you meet new people can be beneficial .
for example , mumsnet , an online network for parents , can help you feel less alone when bringing up young children .
if we believe recent research , loneliness is killing the elderly and , with an ageing population , we should aim to reduce our isolation before it is too late .
according to american researchers , a nasal spray containing the love hormone oxytocin could help children with autism behave more normally in social situations .
autism is a developmental disorder that more than one in 100 people have .
the condition affects people in different ways , but leads to difficulties in social interaction and communication .
so far , there is no established treatment for the social problems caused by autism .
results have been mixed , though : one recent study found no significant benefit for young people given the chemical over several days .
the scientists scanned the brains of 17 young people aged eight to 16 with autism while they looked at images of cars or the eyes of people expressing different emotions .
he warned that it was too early to use oxytocin as a treatment for the social difficulties caused by autism and said people should not buy oxytocin online .
and , it is also not yet clear if oxytocin only has benefits for people with autism or has any unwanted side effects .
uta frith , who studies autism at university college london , said : according to this study , oxytocin may have the effect of making faces more interesting .
but james bond shows no signs of slowing down .
for this reason , there was a lot of interest surrounding the announcement of a few more details about the 24th bond film especially its official title , spectre .
the number one question is : can spectre repeat skyfalls success ?
it was simultaneously modern and retro .
it appealed to fans of daniel craig and it also engaged the older , more nostalgic bond fans , who may have lost interest over the previous few films .
actors like fiennes will only agree to be in a film if they like the director .
according to gant , the period of roger moores last films , and the dalton period , didnt really excite audiences .
benjamin carle is 96.9 % made in france , including even his underpants and socks .
he got the idea after the minister for economic renewal , arnaud montebourg , asked the french people to buy french products to save the countrys industrial production sector .
for the experiment , carle had to give up his smartphone , television , refrigerator ( all made in china ) ; his glasses ( italian ) ; his underpants ( moroccan ) ; morning coffee ( guatemalan ) and his favourite david bowie music ( british ) .
left without a refrigerator ( none are made in france ) , he was forced to chill his food on the window ledge .
staying home , with no sofa for the first few months and no television , meant listening to french singer michel sardou and reading french novels .
the last things to go were the computer , replaced by a qooq , a recipe tablet that connects slowly to the internet and the iphone , which he swapped for an old sagem mobile .
at one point , he asked a french language expert to check if he should use cool and other english words he was advised to swap it for the nearest french equivalent : chouette .
carles conclusion : its not entirely possible or even desirable to live 100 % made in france , particularly in terms of new technology .
it was trying to show that we should reflect about the way we buy and make different choices , and that applies in all countries .
if we want to save jobs and industries , wherever we are , we might think about supporting them .
a t-shirt is more expensive in france but i can be sure it has been produced by workers who are correctly paid and have good working conditions .
the official timeline for the mission says the group plans to send a stationary lander and satellite to mars in 2018 , followed by a rover in 2020 and cargo missions starting in 2022 .
they would not return to earth .
he talked about the selection process in more detail : i have not met anyone from mars one in person .
in my mind , that sounded like a proper astronaut selection process .
but , all of a sudden , it changed from being a proper regional interview over several days to being a ten-minute skype call .
he went on to say that , if a one-way mission to mars ever became possible , i would always volunteer .
and so , like many others in silicon valley , the 27-year-old venture capitalist has come up with a start-up : betterboyfriend.me , a service that sends girlfriends and wives a present every month for about $ 70 .
each month , sullivans members choose from a list of seven possible gifts ( chocolate , tea sets , manicures ) .
one of the boyfriends wrote to me and said , listen , shes not mad but cynthia found out .
i think , after youve been married for a while , you dont keep many secrets .
when he first started his company , he attached tags that said betterboyfriend.me to flower bouquets and set off for dolores park in mission district , san francisco .
i looked for couples and gave the bouquet to the girl but the boyfriends didnt like that .
as temperatures rise and oceans warm , tropical and subtropical regions will see sharp changes in annual rainfall , says the intergovernmental panel on climate change ( ipcc ) report , released in stockholm and published online in september .
east africa can expect increased short rainfalls and west africa should expect heavier monsoons .
burma , bangladesh and india can expect stronger cyclones ; elsewhere in southern asia , heavier summer rains are anticipated .
indonesia may receive less rainfall between july and october , but the coastal regions around the south china sea and gulf of thailand can expect increased rainfall extremes when cyclones hit the land .
nevertheless , there will be signifi cant geographical variations ; many millions of people living in the developing worlds great cities , including lagos and calcutta , are threatened .
weather disasters are also more likely in a warmer world , the report suggests .
they said the number of people at risk of hunger might rise by 10 % to 20 % by 2050 .
the changing climate is already jeopardizing gains in the fi ght against hunger , and it looks like it will get worse , said oxfam .
the elite football referees of the future smile when you ask them this question .
that is quite significant because , when you talk to referees , it is obvious that supporting each other through thick and thin is fundamental .
why spend hundreds of hours driving up and down the country ?
he gets what all referees hope for every time they referee a match .
pgmols chief , mike riley , was in attendance , along with his colleague steve dunn , watching every significant move the officials make .
a few weeks earlier , riley , dunn and another former referee , peter jones , made their way to another level-5 match to watch another young referee john brooks .
a little later , the football club secretary arrived with envelopes to pay the officials for their time the match fee at level 5 is 95 so it is clear that these men do not do it for the money .
how does he feel watching football on tv when a referee gets vilified ?
the former referees agree that the backup , education and tools that todays referees have is very different from what they experienced in their own days .
riley , as a young referee , bought himself books on psychology and nutrition as there was no information on offer to him at all .
he also has the support of a sports psychologist , liam slack , for regular guidance and an exercise regime to help him handle the 11km he runs during a game .
however , the mirror was up to 5c cooler than the surrounding air temperature .
buildings warm up in a number of different ways .
hot-water boilers and cooking areas release heat into their immediate surroundings .
the stanford mirror was designed to re ect 97 % of the visible light that falls on it .
when the mirror is warmed up , it releases heat at a speci c wavelength of infrared light that passes easily through the atmosphere and out into space .
the mirror is built from several layers of very thin materials .
im really excited by the potential it has , said marin solja _ _ i _ _ , a physicist at the massachusetts institute of technology .
im really excited by the potential it has , said marin solja _ _ i _ _ , a physicist at the massachusetts institute of technology .
im really excited by the potential it has , said marin solja _ _ i _ _ , a physicist at the massachusetts institute of technology .
you could use this on buildings and spend much less money on air conditioning or maybe you wouldnt need it at all .
you could use this on buildings and spend much less money on air conditioning or maybe you wouldnt need it at all .
you could use this on buildings and spend much less money on air conditioning or maybe you wouldnt need it at all .
you could put it on top of shopping malls .
you could put it on top of shopping malls .
you could put it on top of shopping malls .
the project is a key part of moroccos ambitions to use its deserts to become a global solar superpower .
when they are nished , the four plants at ouarzazate will need a space as big as moroccos capital city , rabat , and generate 580 mega-watts of electricity , enough to power a million homes .
we are already involved in transportation lines to cover the full south of morocco and mauritania , says ahmed baroudi , manager of societe dinvestissements energetiques , the national renewable energy investment rm .
we believe that its possible to export energy to europe but , rst , we have to build the interconnectors which dont yet exist , said maha el-kadiri , a masen spokeswoman .
music subscription services , including spotify and deezer , have broken through the $ 1bn sales barrier worldwide , as fans choose to pay for music online .
in a three-year period , the number of paying subscribers rose from 8 million to 28 million , according to the 2014 digital music report from the international federation of the phonographic industry ( ifpi ) .
they like this cheap , user-friendly and legal alternative to pirated downloads .
in britain and america , streaming may soon generate more revenue for the music industry than downloads from online stores such as apples itunes .
retailers are becoming increasingly aware that shoppers who are prepared to set foot in a physical store want a service and an experience they cant get online , says simon boydell , spokesman for marketforce , which has more than 300,000 mystery shoppers .
our clients want to measure how well their stores are delivering on that experience .
each day , they typically spend up to eight hours visiting ve to ten stores , plus another hour or two ling detailed reports on every aspect of their visit .
shoppers are usually repaid any money they spend in the stores and may also be allowed to keep the products they buy .
im always given a scenario , such as buying something from a speci c department or a new product range , but i can often buy whatever i want and keep it .
her income is around 30,000 to 40,000 a year and that doesnt include all the freebies she gets on the job .
she nds it satisfying to return to a store she has previously mystery shopped and see standards have improved .
its estimated that more than 500,000 people have registered as mystery shoppers in the uk , but just 10 % or less manage to get regular work each month .
this has led to a dramatic reduction in pay .
marketforce shoppers typically get a couple of pounds for a visit as a token gesture for their time and effort , says boydell .
i wont touch those jobs anymore .
hannah , a 41-year-old lawyer , has done nearly 500 visits for the mystery dining company in her spare time without receiving 9 3 pay or travel expenses .
he had been on several previous missions but said that his biggest surprise was simply how long this one felt .
when the russian capsule opened on to the cool air of kazakhstan , kelly said , he smelled a fragrance like a plant was blooming in that area .
the iss , he said , is a place that uses the power of the sun and was built with the help of an international team .
the earth is a beautiful planet , he said , describing the beautiful waters around the bahamas and the rainbow colours of the lakes of the northern himalayas .
the atlas shows in rainbow colours how individual words and their meanings can be grouped together in areas of the brain .
a single brain spot is associated with a number of related words .
and , each single word lights up many different brain spots .
together , they make up networks that represent the meanings of each word we use : life and love , death and taxes .
it is possible that this approach could be used to decode information about what words a person is hearing , reading or possibly even thinking , said alexander huth , the main author of the study .
to create the atlas , the scientists recorded peoples brain activity while they listened to stories .
then , they matched the transcripts of the stories with the brain activity data to show how groups of related words produced brain responses in 50,000 to 80,000 pea-sized spots all over the cerebral cortex .
huth used short , compelling stories .
per person , that was a total of about 25,000 words and more than 3,000 different words as they lay in the scanner .
the atlas shows how words and related terms light up the same regions of the brain .
the same region responds to killed , convicted , murdered and confessed .
on the brains right-hand side , near the top of the head , is one of the brain spots activated by family terms : wife , husband , children , parents .
each word is represented by more than one spot because words often have several meanings .
one part of the brain , for example , responds to the word top , as well as other words that describe clothing .
one of them responds to numbers and measurements , another to buildings and places .
the scientists only scanned ve men and two women , however .
it is highly possible that people from different backgrounds and cultures will have different semantic brain atlases .
but , the brain atlas in its current form does not show small differences in word meanings .
but , the brain atlas in its current form does not show small differences in word meanings .
martha wood lives beside a loud bar that hosts live music .
theres no way i could have banned smoking in my bar without a ban throughout the whole city , says douville .
smoker neil timms owns an english pub and met the smoking ban before , in england .
back home in england , every pub i knew closed within a year of the smoking ban , remembers timms of the uks ban , begun in 2007 .
there are lots of people who would enjoy coming out to our bar , with our food , but would never come because they didnt want to smell like smoke for the next seven days were now an option for all those people .
the owners and bartenders need to tell them to go and have a smoke but be respectful to their communities .
bar customers are encouraged to ll out a form or call 311 and to include photographs of illegal smoking .
unworried , geoff douville says that hes used to noise complaints by now .
you will see : the nosy neighbours who complain about the noise now are going to be the same ones who wanted the smoking ban .
climate change is now measured on all continents .
copenhagen looked at the risks and challenges but also the solutions .
from switzerland , we learned how we can recycle and reuse old clothes and shoes more effectively .
and from canada , we learned how smartphones can make bike-sharing more convenient .
wecyclers allows poor communities to make money on waste in their streets .
sustainability is not just about bringing down emissions , it is also a question of using our natural resources more intelligently and creating healthier lives for ourselves .
this gift that we are born with to hear things hundreds of metres away , all these incredible sounds might be lost , he said .
for the past ten years , the us national park service has recorded sound levels at more than 600 places across the us , including yosemite in california , yellowstone and denali in alaska .
they say that noise pollution more than doubles every 30 years .
even in our cities , there are birds and things to appreciate in the environment but the ability to hear them is being lost .
if nding peace and quiet becomes too dif cult , many , many children will grow up without the experience and i think its a very real problem , he said .
the warning came as other scientists reported health bene ts from listening to natural sounds .
speaking at the same meeting , derrick taff , a social scientist at pennsylvania state university , described preliminary experiments which suggest that listening to recordings from national parks , of waterfalls , birdsong and wind , helped people recover from stressful events .
this idea is a result of common sense and experience , the mayor told the guardian .
some ask for help in nding it here .
and they want to go and gain work experience abroad ; life experience , too .
unemployment was at 17.7 % in the second quarter of 2014 , according to italys national institute of statistics , istat .
the idea of encouraging people to leave is sensitive at a time when huge numbers of italians many of them bright young graduates are leaving their country every year .
more importantly , he wants the scheme to help those most in need .
the reality is that there is little work here , said alessandro macis .
said consuelo melis , who works behind the bar in a local cafe .
the work i can create , as mayor , is temporary .
it is so rare to see a wolf that seeing faeces makes it a good day .
wolves are along with the brown bear , the lynx and the wolverine europes last large predator carnivores .
the average territory required by a polish pack is 250 square kilometres , says mys _ ajek .
he is fascinated by these aloof animals who remained in the wild 33,000 years ago when others decided on a much more comfortable life as domestic dogs .
mys _ ajek says only scienti c arguments the need to regenerate forests and control the wild animal population can save europes wild carnivores , especially the unpopular wolf .
the ban on wolf hunting in the western carpathians became law in 1995 and in the whole of poland in 1998 .
there are now wolf packs in nearly all the countrys major forests where the wolves coexist with humans .
the polish government pays compensation for farm animals killed by wolves .
major road projects began after poland joined the european union in 2004 and they are required to consider wild animals .
packs of wolves cross country borders and hunting still happens in neighbouring russia , lithuania , belarus , ukraine and slovakia .
there are 120,000 licensed hunters in poland and they have a lot of in uence .
you cant argue to the politicians that wolves are a big tourist attraction .
it is the rst study to demonstrate clear differences between organic and conventional fruits , vegetables and cereals .
tom sanders , a professor of nutrition at kings college london , said the research did show some differences .
he also said that research showed organic cereals have less protein than conventional crops .
the results of the research are based on an analysis of 343 studies from around the world more than ever before which examine differences between organic and conventional fruit , vegetables and cereals .
leifert and his colleagues conclude that many antioxidants have previously been linked to a reduced risk of chronic diseases , including cardiovascular diseases , neurodegenerative diseases and certain cancers .
the researchers also found much higher levels of cadmium , a toxic metal , in conventional crops .
a further criticism of the research is that the differences seen may result from different climates , soil types and crop varieties , and not from organic farming .
the most recent major analysis , which included 223 studies in 2012 , found little evidence .
browning said : this research con rms what people think about organic food .
in other countries , there have , for a long time , been much higher levels of support and acceptance of the bene ts of organic food and farming .
the canoe is our island , the crew members are the community and the navigator is the leader , pittman says .
he continues , on a canoe , you are not just going from one destination to another using the stars , the moon , the sun and the birds .
it has been a busy week for the crews of four sailing canoes since arriving in sydney for the start of the world parks congress .
the islanders sailed to samoa , then fiji , vanuatu and onto the gold coast , before sailing south to sydney .
around 100 crew members were involved in the voyage and they aimed to travel using only traditional navigation techniques .
the main goal of the 6,000-nautical-mile ( 11,000km ) trip was to deliver a special message to the world parks congress .
our coral reefs , the greatest in the world and our spawning grounds are disappearing .
the paci c islanders have put a lot of effort into their urgent message to the delegates of the congress .
its a huge reward for all the effort that we made to be here and to be heard .
and climate change is already beginning to have a serious effect on paci c islanders .
angry waiters are asking for public support in a battle to keep their tips .
pizzaexpress keeps , as an admin fee , 8p out of every 1 paid when tips are given by card .
we are starting with pizzaexpress but they are not the only ones and we will turn our attention to other companies after this .
i work hard and am good at my job but , when pizzaexpress thinks it can get away with taking a percentage of our hard-earned tips left on a card , i get upset .
frankie &amp; bennys , chiquitos and garfunkels used to charge 10 % but they stopped doing this several years ago .
the scientist who led the research said that , unless emissions of greenhouse gases are reduced , the planet will heat up by a minimum of 4c by 2100 .
professor steven sherwood , at the university of new south wales in australia , who led the new work , said that the study broke new ground in two ways .
first , it identified what controls the cloud changes and , second , it rejected the lowest estimates of future global warming and favoured the higher and more damaging estimates .
for example , it would make life difficult , if not impossible , in much of the tropics and would guarantee the eventual melting of the greenland ice sheet and some of the antarctic ice sheet , with sea levels rising by many metres as a result .
the research reduces the uncertainty about how much warming is caused by rises in carbon emissions , according to scientists commenting on the study , published in the journal nature .
when water evaporates from the oceans , the vapour can rise over nine miles to form rain clouds that reflect sunlight ; or , it may rise just a few miles and drift back down without forming clouds .
in reality , both processes happen and climate models that included the second possibility predicted significantly higher future temperatures than models that only included the nine-mile-high clouds .
climate sceptics like to criticize climate models for getting things wrong and we are the first to admit they are not perfect , said sherwood .
but what we are finding is that the mistakes are being made by the models that predict less warming , not those that predict more .
global average air temperatures have increased quite slowly since a high point in 1998 , which was caused by the ocean phenomenon el nin _ o .
but , observations show that heat is continuing to be trapped in increasing amounts by greenhouse gases , with over 90 % disappearing into the oceans .
he added that a 4c rise in global average temperatures would have a serious impact on the world and the economies of many countries if emissions were not reduced .
the report by the chronic poverty advisory network says that many people may rise above the poverty line of $ 1.25 a day , but slip back again when they experience problems such as drought or illness and insecurity or con ict .
individual examples show how easy it is for people to slip back into poverty .
amin , from rural bangladesh , has seen his livelihood gradually decline , due to his own and his wifes illnesses , the cost of his sons marriage , the death of his father and loss of goods such as shing nets .
lovemore , from zimbabwe , has become one of the poorest people in his village .
he recently lost his job due to bad health and had to take in his ve grandchildren after the death of his daughters .
governments have been quite good at moving people over the poverty line because that is relatively easy .
the report says progress on poverty reduction has had less of an impact on the chronically poor than on those who were already closer to the poverty line .
it will not be possible to get to zero unless development policies focus on the chronically poor , it adds .
the second is education , from early childhood to the start of work , to enable people to escape and stay out of poverty .
now singerer , a childminder , has joined female , a group of like-minded drinkers in gothenburg , to make and sell swedens rst beer made by women .
she talked to female , and they teamed up with ocean , a local independent micro-brewery .
one weekend they came up with the recipe and the next weekend they brewed 1,600 litres .
this is not a beer that is aimed at women its our hoppiest brew , says thomas bingebo , the head brewer at ocean .
from all across rwanda , and even parts of neighbouring burundi , people are coming to the southern town of butare to a little shop called inzozi nziza ( sweet dreams ) .
they come for a taste of the unknown , something most have never tasted before sweet , cold ice cream .
here , at the central african countrys rst ice- cream parlour , customers can buy scoops in sweet cream , passion fruit , strawberry and pineapple avours .
the shop , which has ice cream , coffee , dreams written on its signs , is taking advantage of local curiosity about the dessert and changing lives in the process , says inzozi nzizas manager , louise ingabire .
ice cream is important , she says between mouthfuls of a honey- avoured offering .
inzozi nziza has become a meeting place for tired students looking to treat themselves to something cool and different .
its something uniting people here , kalisa migendo , a 24-year-old agriculture student , says .
inzozi nziza was opened by the theatre director odile gakire katese .
some are survivors of the 1994 genocide , during which almost a million tutsis and hutus were killed .
the ice-cream parlour is in a documentary by lm-makers rob and lisa fruchtman .
the lm has been shown in more than a dozen countries , including the us , uk and several african states .
we feel the lm is about resilience , hope , bravery , resourcefulness and the ability to change the course of your own life , says lisa fruchtman .
if we do not look after them , our natural navigation abilities will deteriorate as we rely more and more on technology , he wrote .
in the meantime , he says , we need better research into systems for navigation .
schools should teach navigation and map reading as life skills , he wrote .
we looked at a group of current london taxi drivers and a group of london taxi drivers that had been retired for about four years , said neuroscientist dr hugo spiers of university college london , who is an author of the study .
the results showed that the retired taxi drivers performed worse on navigation tests than the current taxi drivers .
one of the deaths caused by satnavs ( satellite navigation devices ) was of a driver whose car plunged into a lake in spain in 2010 .
the way in which navigational technology is used could also affect its impact on our own abilities , says spiers .
when you use a digital map , you have to think hard about where you are going and interact with this device , he said .
mckinlay believes there have to be big improvements in navigation technologies before futuristic scenarios of driverless cars and smart cities become a reality .
ultimately , mckinlay believes , its essential that humans remain able to take control of their navigation .
la premiere chose quon regarde ( the first thing we look at ) by gregoire delacourt tells the story of a french model who looks so similar to the american actor that the books lead male character thinks it is johansson herself .
in the novel , the models looks mean that men see her only as a sex object , while women are jealous of her .
she has a series of adventures as johansson and , in the end , dies in a car crash .
her lawyer , vincent toledano , told le figaro that delacourts novel illegally used ms johanssons name , her reputation and her image .
delacourt is one of frances best-loved authors ; his previous novel , my list of desires , was translated into 47 languages and is now being adapted into a lm .
i wrote a real love story about feminine beauty , especially interior beauty .
it is all the more surprising because the novel is not even about scarlett johansson .
i thought she might send me owers as the book was a declaration of love for her , but she didnt understand , delacourt said .
do you want your child to be good at sport , play for the school team and , maybe one day , even compete in international competitions ?
dr gavin sandercock of essex university and colleagues found that autumn-born children had a clear physical advantage over their classmates .
all were tested between 2007 and 2010 on three different measures of tness : stamina , handgrip strength and lower-body power .
the results revealed that a childs month of birth could make signi cant differences to their levels of cardiovascular tness , muscle strength and ability to accelerate , all of which predict how good someone is at sport .
those born in october were almost as t , scoring highest for strength and coming third for power , with december children close behind .
this is , potentially , a huge physical advantage , said sandercock .
such gaps could decide who became a top-level athlete because , as the paper says , selection into elite sports may often depend on very small margins or differences in an individuals physical performance .
the ndings seem to show that children born in the early months of the school year enjoy a double autumn advantage they are already known to have an academic advantage and , now , they also appear to be better equipped for sport , too .
children that get a high-quality rst experience are those that will have greater agility , balance and coordination , and are more likely to develop an enjoyment of physical activity and excel in sport as they grow up , he said .
uk sport could not say if a disproportionate majority of the 1,300 athletes across 47 sports it funds were born in november and october .
as soon as the children at one primary school in stirling , scotland , hear the words daily mile , they put down their pencils and leave the classroom to start running around the school eld .
the daily mile has done so much to improve these childrens tness , behaviour and concentration in lessons that many other british schools are doing the same .
they are getting pupils to get up from their desks and take 15 minutes to walk or run round the school or local park .
the thought of children across the country running every day because of something weve done is phenomenal .
in stirling alone , 30 schools have already started or will soon start the daily mile .
at st ninians , teachers take their pupils out of lessons to a specially built circuit around the schools playing eld for their daily mile whenever it best suits that days timetable .
the extent of the bene ts isnt known yet but researchers from stirling university have launched a comparative study to look for evidence of the physical , cognitive and emotional bene ts of the daily mile .
st ninians pupils will be compared with children from another school in stirling that hasnt yet started the scheme .
his school is now building a track .
we know sitting still kills ; not sitting still helps children build skills that will stay with them for life .
a subway system has billions of inhabitants : the bacteria of swiss cheese and kimchi , bubonic plague and drug-proof bugs and human skin .
now , for the rst time , scientists have started to catalogue and map the bacteria in a citys subway and they have found many interesting results .
his team found meningitis at times square , a trace of anthrax on the handhold of a train carriage and bacteria that cause bubonic plague on a rubbish bin and ticket machine at stations in uptown manhattan .
he also said that they found many bacteria of the same sort as those that are bene cial and helpful , like the one used for making cheese .
all around the subway , bacteria associated with cheeses brie , cheddar , parmesan and the mozzarella found on new york pizza appeared .
the distinctive bacteria of swiss cheese were more limited to midtown manhattan and the nancial district , and the bacteria used to ferment cabbage for kimchi and sauerkraut showed up in the nancial district and bay ridge .
species that cause diarrhoea and nausea , as well as e.coli , and the bacteria that can cause skin infections and urinary-tract infections were common all over the city .
many findings made sense : stations like grand central and times square , where there are more people , had more bacteria and more diversity among them .
in his speech , cameron made clear that there would be constitutional reforms , including in scotland , but not until after the general election .
we have heard the voice of scotland and , now , the millions of voices of england must be heard , he said .
theyve been left out of all of this for the last 18 years .
the prime minister wants to move fast to show that the three main uk party leaders will meet the commitments they made during the referendum campaign .
seaworld has been in the news since the 2013 documentary black sh said that its treatment of orca whales made the whales act violently and that this caused the deaths of three people .
animal rights activists say that orcas kept in tanks die at a younger age than wild whales .
seaworld started a marketing campaign to show that this isnt true .
we realize we have much work ahead of us , manby said .
talking about the companys reputation , he said , early feedback on our campaign has been positive .
there are already plans for a new shark exhibition in orlando and an attraction in san antonio that will allow customers to swim with dolphins in a naturalistic setting .
stratford remained hugely important during shakespeares life , says paul edmondson , the head of learning and research at the shakespeare birthplace trust .
people often see shakespeare as someone who turned his back on stratford and his family , went to london to earn his fortune and only came back to die , he said .
but stratford is where he bought land and property , where he kept his library , where he lived and read and thought .
the anniversary of the death of the man from stratford , the most famous and the most performed playwright in the world , will be celebrated across britain and the globe .
macbeth will open in singapore , romeo and juliet in brussels .
it has taken hamlet to every country except north korea .
in london , they are also creating a 37-screen pop-up cinema , one screen to showcase each of shakespeares plays .
the national theatre , the royal shakespeare company and nearly every other theatre production company in the country will celebrate the anniversary .
there will also be hundreds of lectures , recitals , international academic conferences , lms , concerts , operas and major exhibitions .
for a man famous in his own lifetime , there is little documentary evidence for shakespeares life and times .
the actor mark rylance has called it his favourite book in the world and most of the surviving first folios will be on display including those belonging to the british and bodleian libraries , and a tattered copy recently discovered in france .
the general public and many academics have consistently underestimated the importance of stratford to shakespeare .
noise from ships may disturb animals such as killer whales and dolphins much more than people previously thought .
hearing a salmons click is probably one of the most challenging things a killer whale does .
hearing that subtle click is harder if theres a lot of noise around you .
the researchers used underwater microphones to measure the noise created by about 1,600 ships as they passed through haro strait , in washington state , usa .
the two-year study recorded the sound made by 12 different types of vessel , including cruise ships , container ships and military vehicles , that passed through the strait about 20 times a day .
some ships are quieter than others but the average intensity of noise next to all the ships was 173 underwater decibels , equivalent to 111 decibels through the air about the sound of a loud rock concert .
whales are not usually right next to ships and so would hear noise of about 60 to 90 decibels around the level of a lawnmower or a vacuum cleaner .
veirs said scientists already knew about the impact of underwater noise on large whales .
but , the new research shows the threat to smaller whales , dolphins and porpoises .
most noise is at that low frequency but the background noise of the ocean is raised even in the high frequencies .
decreasing speed by six knots could decrease noise by half .
the us federal government has recently protected nearly 40,000 square miles of the atlantic to try to avoid losing a species of whale with just 500 individuals left .
in europe , killer whales are carrying dangerously high levels of banned chemicals in their blubber .
under the same conditions , a quarter of women pressed the shock button .
the report from psychologists at virginia and harvard universities tries to answer the question of why most of us nd it so hard to do nothing .
the only rules were that they had to stay seated and not fall asleep .
on average , they did not enjoy the experience .
but , the most surprising result was yet to come .
to check whether people might actually prefer something bad to nothing at all , the students were given the option of giving themselves a mild electric shock .
to the researchers surprise , 12 of 18 men gave themselves up to four electric shocks and six of 24 women did the same .
the scientists said that the most surprising thing was that being alone with their thoughts was so hard for many people that they gave themselves an electric shock something the participants had earlier said they would pay to avoid .
jessica andrews-hanna at the university of colorado said many students would probably give themselves an electric shock to cheer up a tedious lecture .
but , she says we need to know more about the motivation of the shockers in wilsons study .
as they sit there , their mind starts to wander and it naturally goes to that shock was it really that bad ?
enter a department store and you will be watched .
if you pick up a boot , a camera will make sure you dont put it into your bag .
but new technology is less focused on shoplifting and more interested in your age , sex and shopping habits .
a few months ago , it company computer sciences corporation ( csc ) wrote a report that said around 30 % of stores use facial recognition technology to track customers in-store .
intel spokesman joe jensen says that the aim of using realsense technology in shops is not to create databases of speci c peoples lives but to build generalized models of peoples lifestyles and shopping habits .
we need to know that this shopper has these characteristics and that , when those characteristics are present , this is what a person tends to do .
if it sounds familiar , its because the online world has been using techniques like these for years .
if you search for something on amazon , youll get targeted ads for similar products on other sites .
people do not react to cameras in the same way as they do to browser cookies .
people use the word creepy a lot during discussions of in-store tracking .
we allow this to happen online so why not of ine ?
in the csc report , a survey showed that 72 % of people aged 55 or more said they were very uncomfortable with these types of technologies in physical shops .
the arrival of broadband in the year 2000 has created a generation of digital natives , ofcom ( which checks standards in the uk communications industries ) says in its annual study of british consumers .
born in the new millennium , these children are learning how to operate smartphones or tablets before they are able to talk .
the most remarkable change is in time spent talking by phone .
for those aged 12 to 15 , phone calls account for just 3 % of time spent communicating through any device .
for all adults , this rises to 20 % and , for young adults , it is still three times as high at 9 % .
over 90 % of their device-time is message based , chatting on social networks like facebook , sending instant messages through services like whatsapp or even sending traditional mobile- phone text messages .
away from their phones , 12- to 15-year-olds have a very different relationship with other media , too .
they spend 20 % of their time viewing short video clips , for example on youtube , or news clips on facebook and other social sites .
the rest of their viewing is shared between dvds , streamed content through net ix or itunes and recorded television programmes .
instead , enric duran gave the money to projects that created and promoted alternatives to capitalism .
im proud of what i did , he said in an interview by skype from a secret location .
from 2006 to 2008 , duran took out 68 commercial and personal loans from 39 banks in spain .
he gave the money to social activists , who used it to pay for speaking tours against capitalism and tv cameras for a media network .
he spent two months in prison before being let out on 50,000 bail .
in todays spain , the anti-capitalist movement , and groups such as the indignados , are supported by thousands of spaniards .
dozens of britains most loved migratory birds rest here every year on their migrations from africa .
in 1998 , almost two billion gallons of acidic water , mixed with waste metals , poured into the park from the los frailes mine 45km away .
it was spains worst environmental disaster and the clean-up cost 90m .
sand and soil washed from nearby farms is also blocking the channels that cross donana .
donana already faces a large number of threats , but now they want to bring back the very cause of the disaster 16 years ago .
people have been digging metals here since roman times .
fernandez said that the mine licence would only allow modern mining techniques , which avoid the creation of poisonous wet waste .
the best technology in the world will be used here , fernandez insisted .
carlos davila , who works for the spanish ornithological society in donana , was also alarmed at the plan .
this is not surprising because this is a very special place .
a long time ago , cinema audiences were transported to a galaxy far , far away .
many fans around the world are constantly waiting for the release of new poster art , new trailers and other information , said paul dergarabedian , a senior media analyst .
the latest star wars mania started after disneys purchase of lucas lm from the lms creator , george lucas , in 2012 .
it is a story about han solo , the intergalactic smuggler played by harrison ford in the rst three lms .
it will follow the release in december 2015 of episode vii , directed by jj abrams and titled star wars : the force awakens .
the unnamed episode viii is due out in 2017 and a spin-off , rogue one , will arrive in cinemas in 2016 .
this new lm goes back to han solo and luke skywalker so we hope it will reconnect with the original star wars lms .
we may not yet be living in an age of ying cars , as predicted in the 1985 lm back to the future ii , but the rise of smartphones and other new technologies is creating a reality that is just as exciting and almost as far-fetched .
big us cities like los angeles and chicago are working to make better use of their streets by adding more bus lanes and pedestrian walkways , and expanding rail networks .
at the same time , they are working on advanced technologies that will allow a vehicle to drive itself and communicate with other vehicles and its environment .
communication between riders and drivers , between different vehicles and between cars and infrastructure is bringing transportation into a new era , according to allan clelland , an expert on transportation technology .
according to the study , people born in the 1990s are making 4 % fewer car trips and travelling 18 % fewer miles per year , on average , than members of previous generations did at the same stage in their lives .
people still driving cars are dealing with less traf c thanks to waze .
currently , a traf c light knows when a car is getting close but thats all .
companies are working to develop technology that will allow a vehicle to tell traf c control systems not only that it is present but also where it is going and how fast it is travelling .
automation driverless cars have been in the headlines ever since google began road testing the vehicles back in 2012 but no-one really knows when driverless cars will become commonplace .
automation will probably happen in stages : rst , there might be automated buses with their own lanes , then perhaps lorries in ports or mining towns : that is , vehicles that are connected electronically and travel in single le .
but , even if driverless technology were ready to use now , it would take a long time to get fully automated because the average age of cars on the road is 11.5 years old .
to see what driverless cars might look like in action , go to the video at : vimeo.com / 37751380 .
the mesolithic man , who lived in spain around 7,000 years ago , had an unusual mix of blue eyes , black or brown hair and dark skin , according to analyses of his genetic make-up .
the invention of farming brought humans and animals into much closer contact and humans probably evolved stronger immune systems to fight infections from the animals .
some of these gene mutations still exist in modern europeans today .
the spanish team started their work after a group of cave explorers found two skeletons in a deep and complex cave system high up in the cantabrian mountains of northwest spain in 2006 .
carbon dating put the remains at around 7,000 years old , before farming arrived in europe from the middle east .
other things were found at the site , including reindeer teeth that were strung and hung from the peoples clothing .
when lalueza-fox looked at the genome , he found that the man had gene variants that produce dark skin .
this guy had to be darker than any modern european , but we dont know how dark , the scientist said .
the results suggest that blue eye colour came first in europe and that the change to lighter skin happened throughout mesolithic times .
you see a lot of reconstructions of these people hunting and gathering and they look like modern europeans with light skin .
you never see a reconstruction of a mesolithic hunter-gatherer with dark skin and blue eyes , lalueza-fox said .
the spanish team compared the genome of the hunter-gatherer to those of modern europeans from different regions to see how they might be related .
two mothers in south africa have found out that they are raising each others daughters after they were mistakenly switched at birth in a hospital in 2010 .
but , in 2013 , one of the mothers , who is 33 and unemployed , sued her ex-partner for maintenance for her daughter .
strydom said : the man denied he was the father .
a dna test was done and it was found it was not his baby and not her baby .
the woman became unhappy with the process and asked the childrens court to give her custody of her biological child , but the other mother refused .
the high court in pretoria has asked the university of pretorias centre for child law to investigate what will now be in the best interests of the children .
but , whatever happens , someone wont be happy .
karabo ngidi , a lawyer with the centre , said : whats going to happen must be in the best interests of the children .
in 1995 , two mothers were awarded damages after their sons , born in 1989 , were accidentally switched at the johannesburg hospital where they were born .
there are many quirky solutions to help make our cities more livable , such as glow-in-the-dark trees , underground bike sheds and solar-powered bins .
take an empty car park , a small amount of money and a pot plant or two , and make yourself your own private park .
tokyo-based engineering company giken has a solution : an underground bicycle park .
glow-in-the-dark trees when most people think of trees that glow in the dark , christmas trees usually come to mind .
the experimental technology joins dna from luminescent marine bacteria with the chloroplast genome of a plant to create a glow like a jelly sh .
the oor has smart tiles that capture the energy from pedestrians footsteps and convert it into electricity .
tourist numbers have reduced by 80 % this year , said mayor maria kakali , in an of ce in the village where she grew up , with a population of around 200 people .
but there is an even bigger crisis ahead because the government has said it will end a tax break for islands .
if we have to pay a tax of 23 % , im sorry to say it but we will all die on the island , says kakali .
food and fuel are already more expensive than on the mainland .
even in summer the island has only three shops , two restaurants and not a single of cial hotel .
lemnos has dozens of wild beaches , where you can swim and sunbathe virtually alone , a small nightlife scene and many cultural sites .
it has just over 3,000 beds for visitors , compared with tens of thousands on an island such as rhodes .
the truth is the government doesnt pay much attention to the islands of the north aegean , she said , so i would take all the kids from our school to the gates of parliament , to tell them : there is still life in these islands .
the age of the big british summer music festival , including glastonbury , is drawing to a close , according to the leading rock promoter and manager harvey goldsmith .
goldsmith has produced and worked with most of the western worlds biggest music stars , from the who , the rolling stones and queen to madonna , bob dylan and luciano pavarotti .
the age of the festival peaked about two years ago , he said , speaking at the hay festival of literature and arts in wales .
that is a big , big problem in our industry .
and we are not producing a new generation of these kind of acts like the rolling stones , muse , even the arctic monkeys that can headline .
there were about 900 music festival events in the uk between may and september 2014 , he said , and there is no way they can all continue .
he also gave the answer to a long-running rock n roll mystery : why elvis presley never performed outside north america .
he didnt want to risk leaving the us it was him , not elvis , said goldsmith .
freddie mercury had to be our most powerful stage performer , the best live performer weve ever had .
were not producing a new generation of this kind of act .
so , with no big acts to headline , there are no big shows .
apart from these three animals , there are only two other northern white rhinos in the world , both in zoos , both female .
sudan is under threat from poachers who kill rhinos and cut off their horns to sell them for medicine in asia .
sudan is still in danger even though he has had his horn cut off to deter the poachers .
his eye is a sad black dot in his massive wrinkled face as he wanders the reserve with his guards .
it is a majestic rectangle of strong bone and leathery esh , a head of pure strength .
how terrible that such a powerful head can , in reality , be so vulnerable .
in 1515 , a live indian rhinoceros was sent by the ruler of gujarat in india to the king of portugal .
the king sent it to the pope but , on the way , the ship sank and it died .
but the same people who painted such sensitive portraits of ice age rhinos helped to kill them off .
the northern white rhino is the rarest species of african rhino .
the vulnerable northern white rhino has been hunted very nearly to extinction in spite of every precaution , in spite of the guards and their guns .
but , when he looked at the results later , the photos were brown and murky .
the prototype of the invention looks like a combination of a scuba mouthpiece and a water bottle .
so , rather than just go underwater and spend 30 seconds holding their breath , i wanted people to do a little bit more , says redmond , 27 .
in 2006 , the irish designer completed a scuba-diving course and loved the feeling of being able to breathe underwater and observe sh in their natural environment .
the real problem is that scuba diving is very limiting .
although it allows you to stay underwater for longer , you have to plan your whole day around it .
you have 20kg to 50kg of gear with you you cant be walking on the beach and decide you want to go in .
it was during a nal-year project for his product design degree that redmond produced the express dive .
redmond says the mouthpiece feels similar to using a snorkel .
the prototype has been tested in parts .
the typical swimmer can hold their breath for about 40 seconds while underwater , he says .
but beausoleil loves the way social media connects the world in a truly unique way .
i wonder what it would be like if i didnt spend these seconds here and spent them doing something else .
mathias had facebook and twitter accounts for years before deleting them both in november 2012 .
he spends his lift rides and spare moments at work reading news articles and books .
and with no friends accounts to follow online , he has to pick up the phone and call them , something hes come to enjoy .
lauren raskauskas , 22 , naples , florida raskauskas describes herself as a pretty private person .
she recently deleted her twitter account and deactivated her facebook account two years ago when she realized that she didnt like everyone knowing what i was doing .
one time , i broke up with somebody while i was on facebook and i was like oh my gosh , should i change my pro le photo ?
and , this time , i dont have to worry about any of that , she said .
hariharan rajagopalan , 18 , boston , massachusetts rajagopalan , a student at boston college , doesnt see any problem with not using social media .
he claims that he hasnt seen any effect at this point .
even though classmates post about parties and events on facebook , they make sure to send him a text message , too , he said .
he learnt the basics of guitar from a family friend and perfected his singing with a quartet of gospel singers .
his billing , the beale street blues boy , was shortened to blues boy king and then to bb .
he was always ready to praise the musicians who had in uenced him he would usually mention t-bone walker rst .
he would also cite the earlier blues guitarists blind lemon jefferson and lonnie johnson and the jazz players charlie christian and django reinhardt .
he once explained that his guitar technique was partly based on his lack of skill : i started to bend notes because i could never play in the bottleneck style .
about a year and a half ago , he said in 1969 , all of a sudden , kids started saying to me , youre the greatest blues guitarist in the world .
numbers who use e-cigarettes while continuing to smoke are going down , west said .
experts believe it is unlikely that vaping will become fashionable among young non-smokers .
instead , e-cigarettes seem to be most popular among adults who want to quit .
our customers are still very happy with the product , and technology and innovation in hardware is improving user experience and helping them to switch from traditional cigarettes .
e-cigarettes behave like a sort of nicotine patch , west agreed .
they are more popular than nicotine patches and may or may not be more effective .
there is a tendency among some local authorities and organizations to treat e-cigarettes as cigarettes and ban them in public places and outdoors , he said .
vienna is the worlds best city to live in , baghdad is the worst and london , paris and new york do not even enter the top 35 , according to international research into quality of life .
german-speaking cities dominate the rankings in the 18th mercer quality of life study , with vienna joined by zurich , munich , dusseldorf and frankfurt in the top seven .
i live in a 100sq-metre apartment in a good area about 20 minutes walk from the city centre .
we also have terri c public transport , with the underground working 24 hours at weekends and it only costs 1 per trip .
the fall of the berlin wall helped make vienna a hub for companies wanting to do business in central europe .
its a very fast growing , young and lively city , she added .
for a new government report , workers , employers and customers were asked about their views on tipping .
the report said that some waiters are charged up to a 15 % administration fee on tips that are left when customers pay by credit or debit cards .
we asked waiters around the uk what they think of the tipping process ( including how much they take home from tips and whether its fair ) and what would improve it for them .
rodri , 37 , london : around 50 % of a waiters income is tips average tips : 60 per eight-hour shift i think they treat waiters best in ... the us everything has got fairer since the tipping scandal was exposed in the summer of 2015 .
however , you still hear horror stories from new employees at some chains .
i get an average of around 60 of tips per shift .
on a good night , this can go up to over 100 and , on a poor night , its around 40 .
elle , 22 , edinburgh : we never know whether its fair average tips : 20 per eight-hour shift i think they treat waiters best in ... france i have three part-time catering jobs .
my main day job is in a cafe where the small number of staff work both in the cafe and in the kitchen so all our tips go in a pot and they are shared equally .
my main evening job is at a restaurant where we dont get our tips but our wages are minimum wage plus an extra 2.50 per hour .
in restaurants , because a lot of customers add tips through card payments , the staff never see how much the tip is so we dont know whether what we get is fair or not .
the system seems better in france , where they dont tip much but being a waiter is seen as a proper job , with job security and a decent income .
it is incredibly unfair that our tips are shared out , especially when one member of the team doesnt work hard enough .
its really unfair that tips go towards breakages made by customers .
i really rely on tips because i am only paid 7 an hour .
id rather we earned a good basic wage ( like in australia ) and didnt have to rely on tips .
sometimes , the waiters needed a good night to pay their rent .
they have got tipping right in italy , where customers dont add a service charge but usually round up their bill so , if their meal is 19 , they leave a 20 note and dont ask for change .
in ten years , the social network has completely changed peoples relationships , privacy , their businesses , news media , helped to end regimes and even changed the meanings of common words .
a more open and connected world is a better world .
although the meanings of the words share and like are basically the same , facebook has made the terms more important to us .
you wont be surprised to see an ex in the street with a new girlfriend or boyfriend : you already know theyre dating someone else from the romantic sel es .
but , unlike in real life , on facebook , all your friends have the same importance .
a classmate from university who you havent seen for 15 years , a friend-of-a-friend from a party or a colleague youve never actually spoken to in person they are all facebook friends in the same way as your closest friend or your spouse or your mum .
it doesnt necessarily mean we see them the same way .
professor robin dunbar is famous for his research that suggests a person can only have about 150 people as a social group .
but dunbar says he fears it is so easy simply to end friendships on facebook that , eventually , people may not need to learn to get on with each other .
ninety- one per cent post a photo of themselves , 71 % post the city or town where they live , more than half give email addresses and a fth give their phone number .
but most younger users limit who can see their pro les , with 60 % allowing friends only .
suddenly , customers dont simply complain on the phone to a customer service representative or on a small specialist internet forum angry customers can post their complaints for hundreds of their friends to see or even on the brands own page .
4 facebook has been the tool to organize revolutions organizing demonstrations and direct action has been revolutionized by facebook .
5 facebook makes news , breaks news and decides what is news about 71 % of 18- to 24-year-olds say the internet is their main news source and 63 % of users overall , according to the pew research center .
most people will rst read an item of breaking news via facebook or other social media , mostly on mobiles .
6 users are changing facebook it used to be a site for students of top us universities .
in 2014 , ten years after its launch , 56 % of internet users aged 65 and older have a facebook account .
and 39 % are connected to people they have never met in person .
we may as well get used to it , said david kirkpatrick , author of the facebook effect .
if the amount of food wasted around the world were reduced by just 25 % , there would be enough food to feed all the people who are malnourished , according to the un .
food waste is happening in countries where people can afford to throw away food .
but , on the other hand , there are a lot of food losses in developing countries because of the underdeveloped conditions they have .
this means that 11.7 % of all food purchased is wasted , which costs each family 700 a year .
the foods most commonly found in british bins are bread , vegetables , fruit and milk .
the most wasted food in the uk by weight is bread , with consumers throwing away 414,000 tonnes ( 22.4 % ) of all bread purchased .
by percentage , the most wasted food is lettuce and leafy salads , of which consumers throw away 38 % ( 64,000 tonnes ) of all they buy .
the uk has made progress in the past ten years after a campaign to reduce waste .
van otterdijk says the uk has been very successful in combating food waste .
there is guilt because they are rich , he said .
there is the feeling that they have to hide the fact that they are rich .
the media , she said , is partly to blame for making the rich feel like they need to hide or feel ashamed .
as a result , cockrell says , the rich usually hang out with other rich americans who understand them and their problems .
since the 2008 nancial crisis , the income gap has grown and the situation has gotten worse for the wealthy , cockrell said .
if you are part of the 1 % , you still have problems and they are real to you .
money is not the only thing that de nes you , he said .
is this the moment when streaming goes truly mainstream ?
according to the international federation of the phonographic industry ( ifpi ) , there were only 41m subscribers using music streaming services around the world in 2014 .
apple , and the record industry , cannot afford to get rid of the download market just yet so streaming and downloading will have to coexist under the apple brand .
the vast majority of people like music but dont love it enough to pay $ 120 a year to listen to it .
even apple will nd it very dif cult to make most of those people triple their annual spend on recorded music .
apple connect is something very different , somewhere in the middle of youtube , facebook and soundcloud .
it lets artists post music , videos , photos and more to their pro le pages .
it was an easy decision for artists to give itunes the download exclusive on an album because itunes controls so much of the download market .
a century ago , venice one of the most beautiful and low-lying cities in the world used to ood around ten times a year .
nowadays , its lowest point , piazza san marco ( only three feet above sea level ) is inundated with water approximately 100 times a year .
ho chi minh city in vietnam is also sinking by about 2cm a year but thats nothing compared to jakarta , which is dropping 10 to 20cm each year .
in the past three decades , the city has sunk roughly four metres .
there are three problems in miami .
it is less than ten feet above sea level ; an increasing number of tropical storms are inundating the city ; and it is built on porous rock , which is absorbing the rising seawater .
many cities are ghting a losing battle against nature but is it possible to identify the worlds most vulnerable city ?
i manage one minute and 12 seconds .
at a pool in bristol , she taught me some simple exercises to help me hold my breath for longer while swimming underwater .
at least , it doesnt if youre breath-holding on land .
radiotherapy for breast cancer involves pointing radiation , very precisely , at the tumour .
but doctors at university hospital birmingham have shown that , if patients are given oxygen-rich air before holding their breath , they can hold it for ve-and-a-half minutes .
when you breathe in , youre pulling the muscle of your diaphragm at so that the volume of your chest increases and air is pulled into your lungs .
so , its your diaphragm , the main muscle of breathing , that is in charge when it comes to holding your breath .
i want it next tuesday , he con ded to the crowd of 11,000 people .
some rivals still hope that , eventually , even trumps supporters will get tired of his attacks on minorities .
one poll shows his support among republicans has reduced by 12 points although , at 31 % , he is still in the lead .
hes not a conservative , hes not a liberal he believes in himself , former presidential rival , bobby jindal , told the guardian , before he left the race .
among americans who say they are republicans , current polls suggest he has 25-30 % of the vote .
this country is a big mess and , honestly , he could be the man to help us .
in fact , he earned just 10 from the patent and has not made a penny more from it since .
i wanted to develop a cash-issuing machine and , to make this a reality , i invented the pin &#91; personal identi cation number &#93; and a coded token .
at around the same time , shepherd-barron was developing a rival machine .
however , the patent for goodfellows machine was lodged on 2 may , 1966 , 14 months before shepherd-barrons atm machine was first used .
shepherd-barron received an of cial honour for his achievement and goodfellow says : my one big regret is that i never said anything about it until john shepherd-barron received the obe in 2005 for inventing the automatic cash dispenser .
the good news for goodfellow is that he is beginning to be recognized for his invention .
in the section about great british inventions of the twentieth century , it states : in the 1960s , james goodfellow ( 1937- ) invented the cash-dispensing automatic teller machine ( atm ) or cashpoint .
british people think the top 1 % wealthiest households own 59 % of their countrys wealth , when they actually only own 23 % .
americans think that 33 % of their population are immigrants , when in fact it is only 14 % .
for example , most countries hugely overestimate how many people are not religious : across the 33 countries , respondents think that 37 % are not religious but the average is actually just 18 % .
this is because we are thinking of how many people practise their religion , rather than how many people see themselves as having a religion .
people are worried about these things and , because of this , they overestimate how big the problems are .
the worst case is saudi arabia , where people think only 28 % are , when 71 % are .
and , in many ways , it is not our misperceptions but these realities across different countries that are the most interesting and important aspects of the study .
thats 65 litres of clean , drinkable water that were lling with soap and washing down the drain each day sometimes more than once .
the vital importance of clean water is becoming harder and harder to ignore , as california enters another summer of drought .
skip a few showers , put down the soap and let those lovely little bacteria ourish a little .
many of us know we dont get enough sleep but imagine if we could x it with a fairly simple solution : getting up later .
in a speech at the british science festival , dr paul kelley of the sleep and circadian neuroscience institute at oxford university said schools should stagger their starting times to work with the natural biological rhythms of their students .
it would improve cognitive performance , exam results and students health ( lack of sleep can cause diabetes , depression , obesity and immune system problems ) .
for the older teenagers , it might be more sensible to start the school day at 11am or even later .
he says the solution is not to persuade teenagers to go to bed earlier .
describing the average sleep loss per night for different age groups , he says : between 14 and 24 , its more than two hours .
for people aged between 24 and about 30 or 35 , its about an hour and a half .
kelley says that synchronized hours could have many positive consequences .
the positive side of this is peoples performance , mood and health will improve .
its very uplifting because its a solution that will make people less ill , and happier and better at what they do .
there would probably be fewer accidents because drivers would be more alert , he says .
and , yes , he says he nds the start of his working day much easier now than he did when he was younger .
but even short ights from a mobile landing pad could cause serious logistical problems , he said .
then , maybe theres construction equipment that wasnt there before but is there now .
maybe gps signals are blocked , in which case its going to have an incorrect idea about where it is .
one major problem is maintaining radio contact with a drone and planning for what happens if that contact breaks .
if you have a vehicle that can go into a neighbourhood , it can deliver from that base .
you need a 15-minute distance and typical off-the-shelf drones have that distance .
the reaper drone has one failure in 10,000 hours , singh said .
part of the reason for this is that air travel is dangerous so standards are much higher .
part of the solution , singh said , is planning for every situation : if things fail , the vehicle has to do something reasonable .
this food helps them survive the cold , dark long island winter .
the hamptons are historic oceanfront towns and villages 100 miles from manhattan .
theres certainly a lot of wealth here but almost all of that wealth is in second homes only used in the summer , says cantwell , the son of a sherman father and a house-cleaner mother .
but , the rest of us live here year round .
there are famous and very wealthy people but also hard-working and poor people who struggle to get by .
eddie vallone , 22 , says , people see the hamptons as some sort of rich town but there are a lot of problems here , especially drugs .
i want to work but theres no work to do .
some danced , some posed for photos , some drank , but mostly they just walked and talked football , waiting for the next game to begin on the nearby big screen .
the cheerful , largely peaceful mood was very different from the protests , transport chaos and stadium problems during the preparations for the world cup .
but , now that were here , its great , said brian hill , an england fan from sunderland .
his son , andrew , had his sunglasses stolen almost as soon as he sat on the beach .
but , like many fans , they said they loved the atmosphere of this tournament , which has got off to a spectacular start on the pitch .
everyone must have been thrilled by robin van persies extraordinary diving header for the netherlands against spain .
the stadiums may have been delivered late and in some cases not fully nished , but there have been no reports of structural problems or dif culties entering the grounds since the kick off .
fifa spokesman saint-clair milesi con rmed that only 48,000 of the 51,900 seats at the netherlands versus spain game were filled .
traf c was already bad but this week it is chaotic , said jecilda mello , a local resident .
but , protests have diminished since the opening day , when small demonstrations took place in several cities and police used tear gas and pepper spray .
since then , the only security threat has been petty theft and overexcited fans .
the huge distances have led to some very different world cup experiences .
mcdonalds is the worlds biggest burger chain and a global emblem of american consumer capitalism .
but , these days , the golden arches of mcdonalds are looking a little tarnished .
in europe , sales are down by 4 % , mostly because of problems in ukraine and the anti-western mood in russia .
but it is in the us , where mcdonalds has around 40 % of its restaurants , where the crisis is deepest .
to add to the companys problems , mcdonalds hamburgers were recently named the worst in america in a poll of more than 32,000 american diners , who said they would rather eat a burger at five guys , smashburger or fuddruckers .
have you ever used pink slime in your burgers ?
ever since it introduced $ 2 items on its dollar menu , it has gained a reputation for being more expensive than its rivals , while many consumers complain that service is slower .
prices have indeed gone up but they havent gone up as quickly as the rest of the fast-service chains in the us .
mcdonalds has a bigger menu than some , with more complicated items its chicken mcwrap takes 60 seconds to make .
only four out of mcdonalds 14,000 us restaurants had so far tested build your own burger , he said .
thousands of people protested on australias beaches against a shark cull that is being carried out in western australia .
the catching and killing of sharks longer than three metres began after what the state government called an unprecedented number of shark attacks on western australias coast .
however , the whole of australia has had an average of just one shark-related death a year for the last 50 years .
kate faehrmann , of the sea shepherd conservation society , said from a protest in the state capital , perth : weve always said that this policy wont work .
faehrmann said the protests had shown that australians wanted sharks protected : whats amazing is so many people in australia love sharks .
the state government has refused to say how many sharks have been killed , though there have been reports of sharks smaller than three metres being released after getting caught on drumlines , oating drums xed to the sea bed with bait hanging on hooks underneath them .
conservationists say there is no evidence the cull will reduce the number of shark attacks on humans , because no previous cull has only used drumlines .
researchers at the university of western australia say the increased number of shark attacks in the state is probably because the state has the fastest-growing population in australia , not because of a rising number of sharks .
richard peirce , of the uk-based conservation charity , the shark trust , said that the cull would be ineffective and could bring more predators towards the coast .
the activity in western australia is compounding the human tragedy of shark attacks .
richard branson said the policy was not working .
all youre going to achieve , i think , is to worry people unnecessarily .
race engineer a race engineer liaises between the driver and the mechanics .
quali cations : a university degree , typically in automotive / mechanical engineering or motorsport technology .
to succeed as a race engineer , you need ... to be able to deal with pressure .
ethical hacker typical salary : a newly quali ed hacker can expect a minimum salary of 35,000 to 50,000 .
what the job involves : a company will pay an ethical hacker to hack into its computer system to see how well it might resist a real attack .
quali cations : you dont necessarily need a degree in computer science .
the industry accepts individuals with a very wide range of academic quali cations and skills .
worst thing about the job : when you are called in to test the security of a new customers network and you discover that they have already been hacked .
to be able to dispose of the bombs safely , youll also need an explosive- disposal quali cation and years of experience .
to succeed as a bomb-disposal diver , you need ... to stay calm in stressful situations .
you work alone under water , with zero visibility and , if you dont like living in small con ned spaces with lots of other people , forget it .
worst thing about the job : expect to be away from home at least six months of the year .
quali cations : typically , social engineers have a degree in it , although an understanding of psychology is useful .
you also need a strong sense of personal ethics and an understanding of the law .
typically , pilots must y beside the power line , sometimes as little as 20 feet away and just 30 feet off the ground .
quali cations : you dont need any speci c quali cations but you can do a special course .
more than one million british workers might be employed on zero-hours contracts , a new poll shows .
dave prentis , of the trade union unison , said : the vast majority of workers are only on these contracts because they have no choice .
the charity national trust , which employs many of its seasonal workers on zero-hours contracts , said it offered the same pay and bene ts to those workers , pro rata , as full-time staff , but needed some workers to be on more exible contracts .
while some employees welcome the exibility of such contracts , for many , zero-hours contracts leave them insecure and unsure of when work will come , he said .
figures from the poll suggest that 17 % of employers in the private sector use zero-hours contracts , considerably lower than the 34 % of organizations in the voluntary sector and 24 % in the public sector .
